YMCA in South Australia
South Australia (SA)  has a unique position in Australia's history as, unlike the other states which were founded as colonies, South Australia began as a self governing province Many were attracted to this and Adelaide and SA developed as an independent and free thinking state.
The compound of philosophical radicalism, evangelical religion and self reliant ability typical of its founders had given an equalitarian flavour to South Australian thinking from the beginning.
It was into this social setting that in February 1850 a meeting was called primarily for the formation of an Association (apparently meaning a Y.M.C.A.)
for apprentices and others, after their day's work, to enjoy books, lectures, discussions, readings, friendly relief and recreation for a leisure hour.
In September 1850 records show that this became “The Young Men's Christian Association of South Australia" as evidenced by a member's letter in London Y.M.C.A.
Report 1851.
There was no census in 1850 but the 1851 census put the total population of South Australia at 63,700 with males numbering 35,302.
The discovery of Gold in Ballarat caused a large migration from South Australia and by 1852 some 8000 had left for the Goldfields.
As a consequence the various YMCA groups that had become established failed and by 1870 none remained.
"The next available authentic record of an Association in South Australia does not appear until some members of London Y.M.C.A.
coming to Adelaide, joined with ex members of the defunct original Adelaide Branch, and also members of the Brompton Association.
A meeting of promoters was also held at Presbyterian Church.
They became associated in the Exchange Room of the Adelaide Town Hall on November 28th, 1878 at a public meeting for the promotion of a revival of the Y.M.C.A.
in Adelaide.
Sir John Colton (a member of the Adelaide Association in 1853 and a founder of Prince Alfred College) had been asked to preside, but was absent through illness and the chair was occupied by Mr. Richard Searle ( a managing partner of D & W Murray and Co ) who became the first President of the Association.
A committee was formed to draft a constitution, later drawn up and signed by 585 Adelaide young men."
Since that time the YMCA has operated continuously, been part of the fabric of the state and  served the community of South Australia
Leading the YMCA was regarded as a calling and attracted men of compassion and social conscience.
Not known as chief executive officers until the 1990s, they were known as General Secretaries.
With the YMCA of Adelaide one of the very early organisations for social good it attracted some of the state's leading influential figures to its board and men of high calibre as General Secretary.
The history of the organisation in South Australia is very much tied to the leadership by both General Secretaries (CEOs) and the presidents along with the boards who backed them.
1879 - H.H.
Birt.
appointed by the board on a part-time basis.
Birt oversaw activities in the temporary premises, Salisbury Chambers in king William Street and to manage the alteration of the newly leased premises in Gawler Place which opened 27 August 1879.
1880 -1886 Alex A Walker.
Walker was secretary of the Flinders Street Presbyterian Men's Society which merged into the YMCA with him continuing as General Secretary.
In 1886 the annual report of the YMCA indicated a lack of funds and Walker confessed to having appropriated £1288/16/7.
In court and before Chief Justice Sir Samuel Way, Walker revealed the money had gone on assisting impecunious young men.
Walker was regarded as a very hard working Secretary who said he did not have a night off in any month and the board believed he did not have fraudulent intent but compassion rather than criminality.
He was sent to jail for 4 years hard labour.
1886 - 1900 John James Virgo.
The 'new' YMCA building in Gawler Place was opened in 1884 and in 1886 the Glenelg born Virgo was appointed General Secretary following the conviction of the previous General Secretary for embezzling funds.
In 1888 the YMCA began Our Boys Institute for work among boys 13 to 18 years of age.
For young men, activities included Bible classes, sporting teams, lectures, debating and choral societies, a gymnasium, camps and an employment and immigration department.
Virgo was prominent in Adelaide's religious life and conducted evangelistic services on Sunday evenings at the Theatre Royal in Hindley Street.1900 Virgo became secretary of the Australasian Union of Y.M.C.A.s and 1903 was appointed secretary of the Y.M.C.A., Sydney then General Secretary of the London Central Y.M.C.A.
in 1911.
Virgo wrote his memoirs in 1939.
He died in 1956.
1905 - 1916 H.A Wheeler.
Wheeler was a capable administrator who adapted the programmes and emphasis to the times.
Much of the evangelical work was dropped to focus on the work with young men.
In 1908 Wheeler left for two years to work with the YMCA in America.
This forged a link with North American YMCA's and more modern methods of physical development and a rapid development of membership.
An employment department was formed in 1912 fulfilling an important social welfare role especially for young male migrants.
At the outbreak of WW1 Wheeler took the initiative in promoting a nation-wide War Services Y.M.C.A.
organisation and later was placed in charge of all Australian War Services in the European Zone.
WW1 saw the Adelaide YMCA support YMCA staff overseas as evidenced by a letter to Wheeler from Menza camp Egypt by Col S Price Weir OC 10th battalion.
by1916 The army Department was the largest work done by the Adelaide YMCA with operations at Mitcham, Cheltenham, Balaklava, Murray Bridge, Torrens Island, Gawler.
The YMCA provided comfort, counselling and recreation to the troops.
YMCA war services were funded by public donation and during this time in South Australia ₤199,185 was raised.
1908 -1910 - H.S.
Stafford acting General Secretary.
Stafford, an American from Dayton Ohio was working at the Bendigo YMCA and took the acting role while Wheeler spent 2 years working for the YMCA in the United States His work transformed the organisation as recognised in a speech by the then President Henry J Holden who said of him.
".. it was not an association of Christian young men but a Christian association for all young men"
1916 -1920 The title of General Secretary was discontinued this period as post war the organisation needed to adjust having been dominated by the military units.
Two officers controlled the organisation.
M.U.
Maddern was secretary to the Army Department and R Taylor became Secretary of the General Department.
This gave lack of continuity at the top at a time when the planning for transition to peace time was so important.
1920 Jack Tolston Massey.
Jack Massey began his YMCA career as a field secretary attached to the Australian Imperial Forces A Christian (Anglican) and a pacifist he served in England France and Belgium assisting soldiers awaiting repatriation.
He was appointed as General Secretary of the Adelaide YMCA in 1920 and went on to build and expand the organisation as well as develop programmes and advocate for young people with accomplishments including establishing a court for juvenile offenders and guiding amateur football in SA.
He also provided support for British Boys brought out to help in agriculture.
He attended the 100 years of Adelaide YMCA in 1978 not long before his death in 1981 and was acclaimed as one of the great men of the organisation and the community for his life of service.
1939 - 1960 Alf Gibbs .
During WW1 Alf Gibbs served as YMCA War Services Department Chief Commissioner overseeing YMCA staff in almost all military camps and some 62 representative overseas to assist the troops.
Gibbs was appointed General Secretary Adelaide YMCA after some negotiations with the Adelaide YMCA Board while Alf was in India.
He oversaw the expansion of the YMCA and the sale of the Gawler Place building.
In 1956 he negotiated the purchase of the Presbyterian Church in Flinders Street which was demolished the following year and a new modern YMCA youth complex and residential facility was constructed.
Gibbs led the fundraising that enabled the construction of YMCA youth facilities at Walkerville, Kilburn, Elizabeth and Glenelg.
In 1945 "Loftia Park," a large block of land in the lovely Mount Lofty Ranges, was purchased with swimming pool, tennis courts, sports grounds and other facilities partly completed.
1960s
Graeme Irvine.
Irvine was an evangelical Christian and developed in the Adelaide YMCA a group of similar thinking leaders.
Ultimately this became exclusive and counterproductive.
He went on to build up World Vision Australia and then to New York where he grew the organisation into a large multinational NGO.
Irvine was in 1978 among the signers of the "Declaration of Internationalization", which declared a set of objectives for World Vision in its operations throughout the world.
In 1988, Irvine became the first non-American president of World Vision International.
Jim Daly.
came from Woodside army camp where he was a YMCA army officer.
After his Army service he joined the Adelaide Y as Extension Secretary under Irvine having responsibility for developing boards, programmes and ensuring the viability of Walkerville, Northern Districts (Kilburn), West Croydon and Elizabeth Branches.
He was a senior leader at the first Kangaroo Island Camp and many others in preceding years.
They were initially organised initially by Don McCallum, Physical Education Director and in following years by Ross Baxter Glen Powell, Gary Kelly, Dean Manning, Dave Badger, Tim Looker.
The Kangaroo Island Camps ran for nearly 40 years.
Daly's particular interest was in Adventure Camping.
He personally led groups of senior leaders on Outward Bound-type expeditions to New Zealand, Tasmania (Cradle Mountain Track, Flinders Ranges and the Grampians).
Daly went on become a Senior Office, then Assistant Director in the newly formed South Australian Government Department of Tourism, Recreation and Sport.
He also completed his Master of Health at UNISA.
Daly continues his involvement in the Y as a Life Member.
Daly wrote an Honours Thesis on the “The Adelaide YMCA: 1879-1934“.
This thesis studied the changing role to the Y the 1st World War, and Depression.
A copy is available from the YMCA SA office and will be eventually online.
Daly also authored a book "Recreation and Sport Planning and Design"
1970s
Glen Powell.
Powell came to Australia with his family in about 1970 and worked under Daly until he became CEO.
He was ex-Chicago YMCA and only came for "a couple of years".
50 year later he is still here living in Adelaide.
Powell was a transformational leader of the organisation.
Powell was a man of ideas and happy to experiment with new programme initiatives.
He transformed camping into a massive co-ed programme, introduced Explorers and Adventurers which at its peak had about 1000 families involved.
He set up the first child safety programme "Alert Assert" which was rolled out in schools.
He negotiated the first PPP at Aberfoyle Hub which was a three way collaboration with the Council, Govt and YMCA.
Other initiatives included Dollar Day a door knocking fundraiser and the City Port Fun Run which attracted thousands of runners.
1980s
Trevor Cleland.
Was promoted from accountant to CEO with limited success.
This created a crisis which inspired the recruitment to the board of some former Y members high in the corporate world who could use there expertise to review the organisation.
Clive Armour (CEO of ETSA) Colin Williamson (CEO of Strategic Resources Consulting).
A restructure of the organisation and shaking off the old Methodist mentality about paying people for their 'calling'.
The board upped the salary offering from $19,000 to $52,000 and went to market for a new CEO.
Rob Dowling 1990?
- 2003.
Dowling came from Carclew Performing Arts and became our first leaders called a CEO as the others were titled General Secretaries.
Dowling was a transformational leader and kept all the Y programmes running at a high level and established a Registered Training Organisation running certificate course out of the Flinders Street headquarters.
With the Flinders Street property becoming outdated and run down Dowling sought to redevelop site.. A 12-story, strata titled building with the Y having some floors and selling off others.
Plans were drawn by Woodhead Australia and funding partners sought.
Brilliant idea but the board was not able to pull it off.
The Flinders' Street property was then sold as cost of fire compliance and the age of the building proved uneconomical to refurbish.
Closing the residential wing affected the organisations cash flow.
Dowling sought to purchase another building, an old bank, but not supported by the Board.
Dowling left to undertake teaching and research at Flinders University before retirement to the Adelaide hills.
Dave Bedson: Held the position for a short time.
2000s
Mike Kelly.
Driven by the board policy Kelly spent his time trying to win contracts for student accommodation which was an emerging area of service due to the growing numbers of overseas students in Adelaide.
This chewed up significant funds which ultimately delivered no results and the money from the sale of Flinders Street property began to diminish.
Changing time saw the diminishing of the camping programme and Explorers and Adventurers.
Peter Schwartz.
A former footballer Schwartz did some very good work, won the Aquadome contract and set up Community Strengthening unit, after school care and negotiated access to HACC grant funding to expand YMCA social services.
Haydn Robins.
2012 - 2019 Robins came from Vic Y.
He transformed the organisation into a modern competitive management organisation running sport, aquatic and community centres across South Australia.
Supported by a senior leadership team he assembled he took the organisation from near insolvency to financial security and a higher level of service delivery.
Robins had an accomplished career as a footballer playing AFL and SANFL.
Andrew Mundy - Acting CEO 2019.
Mundy stepped in at short notice from his role as General manager Operations and earned his name on the baton that is passed from one CEO to the next.
David Paterson - to commence in January 2020, 100 years after the appointment of Jack Massey.
USS Arizona (SSN-803)
"Arizona" (SSN-803), a , will be the fourth United States Navy vessel named for the state of Arizona.
Acting Secretary of the Navy Thomas Modly announced the name on 24 December 2019, in a press release.
Arizona was authorized for construction on 2 December 2019.
Raymar Jose
Raymar A. Jose is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
He was selected 3rd overall by Blackwater Elite in the 2017 PBA draft.
Mimbara Conservation Park
Mimbara Conservation Park is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia located in the locality of Worlds End about south-east of the state capital of Adelaide and about south-east of the town of Burra.
The conservation park consists of the following land in the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Bright - Allotments 100 and 101 in Deposited Plan 92164 and Section 223.
The land first received protected area status as a conservation park proclaimed under the "National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972" on 26 March 2015.
A separate proclamation made on the same day confirmed the preservation of “certain existing and future rights of entry, prospecting, exploration or mining” in respect to the land.
Its name is derived from the clan name used by the Ngadjuri aboriginal people for the land associated with the conservation park.
As of 2019, it covered an area of .
The conservation park is categorised as an IUCN Category VI protected area.
2007 Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns baseball team
The 2007 Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns baseball team represented the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in the 2007 NCAA Division I baseball season.
The Ragin' Cajuns played their home games at M. L. Tigue Moore Field.
2020 Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
The 2020 Big West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament is the postseason men's basketball tournament for the Big West Conference of the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
It will be held from March 12 through March 14, 2019 at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California.
The top eight conference teams will be eligible for the tournament.
Teams will be seeded by record within the conference, with a tiebreaker system to seed teams with identical conference records.
Teams will be reseeded after the quarterfinals.
Leopold Katscher
Leopold Katscher (1853–1939) was a Hungarian Jewish writer and peace activist.
He was a strong influence on Rosika Schwimmer, his niece.
Katscher translated the works of Hippolyte Taine into German from 1877 until the early 20th century.
IDS Tirana
IDS Tirana is a football club based in Tirana, Albania.
They recently competed in the Albanian Third Division.
Their home ground is the Kamza Sports Complex.
Jim Workman
James Allen Workman (17 March 1917 – 23 December 1970) was an Australian cricketer who played first-class cricket for the Australian Services team from May 1945 to January 1946.
After the war he married an English woman, and they lived in London, where he coached at Alf Gover's cricket school.
He died suddenly on his way home from work on 23 December 1970.
Claude Fonnereau
Claude Fonnereau (1677, La Rochelle – 5 April 1740, Hoddesdon) was a French Huguenot refugee who settled in England and became a prominent merchant.
He was the founding father of the Fonnereau family in England.
In 1735 he purchased Christchurch Mansion in Ipswich, Suffolk, from Price Devereux, 10th Viscount Hereford.
Claude was the son of Zacharie Fonnereau and Marguerite Chataigner.
He married Elizabeth Bureau, also a Huguenot, the daughter of Anne Bureau, and had several children:
2020 BWF Continental Circuit
The 2020 BWF Continental Circuit is the fourteenth season of the BWF Continental Circuit of badminton, a circuit of 66 tournaments.
The 66 tournaments are divided into three levels:
Each of these tournaments offers different ranking points and prize money.
Below is the point distribution table for each phase of the tournament based on the BWF points system for the BWF Continental Circuit events.
Below is the schedule released by Badminton World Federation:
Below are the 2020 BWF Continental Circuit performances by country.
Only countries who have won a title are listed:
"To avoid confusion and double counting, information in this table shall only be updated once a tournament has concluded.
These tables were calculated after the Iceland International."
India's Best Dancer
India's Best Dancer is a new dance reality show going to air on Sony Entertainment Television Channel.
Actress Malaika Arora, Choreographer Geeta Kapoor and Terence Lewis is all set to Judge this show.
Comedian Bharti Singh will Host this show along with her husband writer Haarsh Limbachiyaa.
Malaika Arora, Geeta Kapoor, and Terence Lewis is going to Judge of Sony TV's dance reality show India's Best Dancer.
Bharti Singh and her husband writer Haarsh Limbachiyaa all set to turn hosts for Sony TV's new dance reality show India’s Best Dancer.
India's Best Dancer 2020 Auditions will be in Jaipur, Ranchi, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Guwahati, Lucknow, Delhi, Vadodara, Indore & Pune, Mumbai.
Robert Giblin
Robert Giblin (born November 18, 1952) is a former American football defensive back.
He played for the New York Giants in 1975 and for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1977.
Play or Die
Play or Die is a 2019 Belgian horror film directed by Jacques Kluger.
The film is based on the bestseller novel titled "Puzzle" by Franck Thilliez.
The plot revolves around Lucas (Charley Palmer Rothwell), a young man who lived through his childhood marked by the abuse of his mother and who after adult decides to create a game called Paranoia, which uses as a means to make several atrocities.
The film premiered on 18 April 2019 in the United States, and 10 May 2019 in Estonia, and 10 July 2019 in VOD format.
Lucas (Charley Palmer Rothwell) and Chloé (Roxane Mesquida) are a former dysfunctional couple who, after having spent a year apart, meet again because Chloé decides to invite him to play a game called Paranoia, in which they offer a million euros to the two players who finish the game.
By gathering the clues to be accepted in the game they arrive at a party, where they find a way to reach an abandoned hospital where the game will take place.
Upon arrival a mysterious voice tells all the players the rules of the game and how to play, but what the mysterious voice does not tell the players is that the main rules of the game are: Number 1: Nothing is real, and Number 2 : One of you will die.
When starting the game Lucas begins to notice that something was not normal and that in the game they were only trying to kill all the players, but Chloé refuses to believe that anyone wants to kill them all.
Minutes after having passed the first test of the game, in the second test of the game they run into the corpse of one of the players, so both begin to worry and get scared.
Frightened by what happened, Chloé and Lucas just try to finish the game to save their lives, and later in a room they find another corpse of another player and some papers where there was information about Naomi (Marie Zabukovec), who was actually admitted to the hospital abandoned years ago, and she was a totally dangerous patient.
So Chloé deduces that she is the murderer.
After having passed some tests of the game, they reach the final test, which makes them go to the abandoned hospital church, that's where Chloé discovers that Lucas is really the murderer and that he is a psychopath who suffers from memory loss.
From what Chloé makes him believe that they are about to reach the end of the game, when she finds a ladder to go up to the second floor of the church, she decides pushing Lucas from the stairs and she flees the place, but he manages to find her and kill her.
While he is unaware of what he was doing, he thinks he has found the murderer who killed all the players in the game, but the murderer is really himself, and that is where it is discovered that he murdered his mother and that he organized everything the game.
Chenopodium ficifolium
Chenopodium ficifolium, the fig-leaved goosefoot or figleaf goosefoot, is a plant species in the family Amaranthaceae originally native to the Irano-Turanian floristic region.
It an archaeophyte weed in Europe and can now be found in temperate crop-growing regions in most of the world.
Slavko Vlahović
Slavko Vlahović (Cyrillic: Славко Влаховић; born 7 June 1954) is a former Yugoslav and Montenegrin footballer who played as a defender.
He spent the majority of his career at Budućnost Titograd, becoming the club's most capped player ever.
With 413 appearances, between 1977 and 1991, Vlahović is also the second-most capped player in Yugoslav First League history, only behind Enver Marić.
Achille Duquesne House
The Achille Duquesne House, at 710 W. Midway in Filer, Idaho, was built in 1912.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
It is built of cast concrete blocks with rocklike faces.
It has cast stone lintels and window sills.
Its design is eclectic, including Gothic Revival-style window surrounds and a Queen Anne-style plan.
Hoboken Public Library
The Hoboken Public Library is the free public library of Hoboken, New Jersey.
It is a member of the Bergen County Cooperative Library System, a consortium of municipal libraries in the northeastern New Jersey counties of Bergen, Hudson, Passaic, and Essex.
The library was established through the philanthropy of Martha Bayard Stevens.
The building opened in 1897.
It is listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places.
Rasmus Jensen
Rasmus Jensen may refer to:
Kazakh playing cards
Kazakh playing cards ("Qazaq Deck") are a deck of 54 cards used in Kazakhstan and other countries for playing Kazakh national playing card games.
The deck allows people, especially foreigners, to become acquainted with the rich world of cultural traditions and customs of the Kazakhs.
Kazakh playing cards differ from the classic French deck in that it has unique non-standard suits, i.e.
Horse, Apple, Eagle, and Tulip.
In other words, there is no division into classes such as: clubs representing the peasantry; diamonds, the merchant class; hearts, the clergy; spades, the warrior class.
Alternatively, the Kazakh suits are divided into the so-called Yurts ("jurttar") that represent the different ways relatives are connected to a person.
There are four traditional Yurts: Óz Yurt symbolizing relatives on father’s side; Naǵashy Yurt, relatives on mother’s side; Qaıyn Yurt, relatives on spouse’s side; and Quda Yurt, the ones obtained through children’s marriage.
Within the Yurts, there is a hierarchy of relatives that sets a one-of-a-kind system of kinship.
The Yurts lay the foundation for the whole philosophy of family relationships to which nomadic societies have always attached significant importance.
It is not accidental that the Kazakh card suits have such widely recognized symbols.
Horse, apple, eagle, and tulip are the key cultural and civilizational symbols of the Kazakhss and many other Turkic peoples.
Scientific facts clearly identify the territory of modern Central Asia as the home of the very first domesticated horses, as well as falcons and eagles firstly trained for hunting.
It is also widely acknowledged that the fertile lands of Central Asia gave birth to modern apples and tulips.
Jeanette Wilson
Jeanette Wilson is a professional medium and spiritual healer who claims to heal people with the assistance of spirits.
Wilson has also promoted anti-vaccination and anti-5G views.
During a tour of the United Kingdom, several venues cancelled her appearances over concerns that her presentation could discourage people from seeking needed medical care or vaccinating their children.
Wilson was born in the United Kingdom in 1963.
She worked as a bank manager until she began working as a psychic healer and medium, following the death of her grandfather, who she claims contacted her after his death.
She moved from the UK to New Zealand in 1999.
Wilson has said that she is able to communicate with several spirits, including at least one deceased surgeon, who help her to conduct spiritual healing.
Her sessions include waving her hands, which she states are possessed by spirits, while humming, stomping, and clapping.
Wilson has stated that her psychic healing abilities include curing arthritis and the healing of vision impairments that require glasses.
She has also stated that she has treated paralysis, blindness in one eye, and many cases of life-threatening cancer.
Wilson has said she never discourages her clients from seeking medical care, however she has publicly discouraged her followers from seeking medical screening for breast cancer, stating "I’m not convinced about mammograms.
I’ve had one myself but personally I wouldn’t have another one.
That isn’t me telling you not to have them, but I know what it does to me and my body.”
Wilson describes accused serial sex abuser and debunked faith healer João Teixeira de Faria, AKA John of God, as a mentor and has said that they are both assisted in psychic healing by some of the same spirits.
She describes her claimed psychic abilities in the context of her Christianity, stating that they are a gift from God.
She has stated that her psychic sessions always include the Lord's Prayer and the Hail Mary.
In 2004, Wilson was the subject of a New Zealand Channel Three television series titled "Dare to Believe".
Later, she was featured on an episode of 20/20.
She has written four books about her experiences as a professional medium and about other new age topics.
In addition to conducting private consultations, Wilson has held public events in places such as the UK and New Zealand.
Wilson has spread anti-vaccine messages, including a claim that vaccines are linked to Alzheimer's disease.
She further claims that the media and pharmaceutical industries are suppressing cancer cures, that 5G technology is a "weapon", and that drug and gambling addiction can be caused by bad spirits.
The Good Thinking Society's project director, Michael Marshall, has expressed concerns that Wilson's shows may discourage people from seeking medical help while "wasting their money," and that her anti-vaccine rhetoric may endanger children.
Several venues in the UK cancelled appearances by Wilson after Marshall contacted them about these concerns.
The NZ Skeptics made a similar effort to urge venues to cancel Wilson's events during her tour of New Zealand.
The chair of the organization, Craig Shearer, voiced concerns about the risk of participants forgoing medical care and suffering financial exploitation.
After being contacted by Marshall, the UK Advertising Standards Authority cautioned Wilson to, according to Wilson, comply with UK regulations and "remove any claims to work with spirit world doctors, any videos that mention any diseases.
I am only able to say that I can give people a feeling of well being.”
At her shows, Wilson advertises a dietary supplement, called alfa PXP ROYALE, made from micronized black rice.
The supplement is sold by a Enzacta, a multi-level marketing company for which Wilson is a paid promoter, at a dramatic markup relative to the cost of whole purple rice sold in supermarkets or micronised purple rice sold online.
A surgeon interviewed by Australia's "A Current Affair" television show criticized the marketing of the supplement, stating that customers are "wasting their money, and for this product a large amount of money; and secondly, they may be led to believe they don’t need to take their effective treatments for conditions they may actually have.” Despite this, Wilson claims that the "purple powder" can help elderly people "keep their vibrations up", and at one performance she invited an audience member to speak with her about the "best thing for scar tissue" off camera, so that "trading standards don't become all uppity."
Thomas Ives
Thomas Ives (born June 25, 1996) is an American football wide receiver for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL).
He played college football at Colgate and was signed by the Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2019.
At Hinsdale Central High School, Ives played for the football and basketball teams.
In 2014, Hinsdale Central reached the Class 8A state playoffs with an 8–3 record; Ives led the team as a captain with 48 receptions for 888 yards and 12 touchdowns.
Ives led the team in scoring as he broke program records for receptions and receiving touchdowns in a season.
Ives attended Colgate, where he played wide receiver for the football program for four years, beginning in 2015.
In his freshman season, Ives saw little playing time in the regular season, catching just one pass for nine yards in a week eight win over Georgetown.
But across three playoff games, Ives hauled in five passes for 98 yards.
In his sophomore season, Ives caught nine passes for 142 yards and one touchdown.
As a junior, Ives led the Raiders in several statistical categories, as he hauled in a team-best 353 receiving yards and seven touchdowns.
He tied for the second-most receptions on the team, with 23 passes caught.
Prior to his senior season, Ives was named a team captain and to the preseason all-Patriot League team.
Ives caught just 15 passes for 263 yards and one touchdown as an injury limited Ives in two games and took him out of three games.
Ives graduated from Colgate with a degree in political science.
Ives signed with the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent following the 2019 NFL Draft.
On August 31, 2019, Ives was released by the Bears as part of final roster cuts, but was signed to the practice squad the next day.
On December 30, 2019, Ives was signed to a reserve/future contract.
Khawla Hamdi
Khawla Hamdi is a Tunisian-born Arabic-language author born on July 12, 1984 in Tunis, Tunisia.
She is a professor at the King Saud University in Riyadh, where she teaches Information technology and currently resides in Riyadh.
She has several best-selling novels in her literary career.
She has a degree in Industrial Engineering and received her Masters degree in Management from school of management in Saint-Étienne, France on 2008.
In 2011, she obtained a Ph.D. of Applied mathematics in Operations research branch from University of Technology of Troyes, France.
Khawla Hamdi entered the writing world with the book "Ahlam al-Shabab".
The book, which reflects the memories of a Muslim girl, was published in 320 pages in Arabic on 2006.
Thereafter, her second book entitled In My Heart A Jewish Girl was published in Arabic on 2012.
Inspired by a true story, the book tells the story of a Tunisian Jewish girl who converted to Islam, after being influenced by the character of an orphan Muslim girl and becomes interested in a young Lebanese who is one of the Lebanese resistance forces.
This book is known as one of the best-selling novels and has been reprinted more than 47 times so far.
Then the book Ghorbat Al Yasmeen “The Expatriation of Jasmine” was published by this author in 2015.
This book is mostly about the problems of Arab refugees in France.
An Tabqa “To Stay” was Khawla Hamdi's next book, published in 2016.
The novel focuses on the problems of Arab refugees in Europe and their dual identities.
Her next book was Ayn Al Mafar “Where to Escape!”, which was published in 2018.
This book scrutinize the revolutions that have taken place in the Arab world, especially Tunisia, as a story.
This book has been published in Arabic and in novel form.
This book is about the desires and aspirations of young people and portrays the memories of a Muslim girl.
Part of the novel: My Name is Maram, I'm in my 20s, a medical student...
I've been in college for two years, a lot of things has changed in my life, have you grown up?
Maybe!
But I'm sure that intellectual maturity doesn't have much to do with age... Maybe there have been some changes in my life that make me feel the difference.
Yes, the environment has changed, friends and acquaintances have changed, I have lost some of my friends and made new friends... Life does not stop and goes on...
But that's not all because I'm writing my own memories!
Every part of life is important and has a particular value to me, because I see that every individual is inherently distinct, because Almighty God created him or her different from other people, so every individual is exceptional and can only exist once, and this experience is unique...
It seems we got into philosophical talk and got away from topic.
Let's go back to the subject... Hmmm, what made me write my memoir?
Yes...
This book was published in Arabic in 320 pages on 2006.
The book Fi Qalbi Ontha Ebrya has been published in both Arabic and Persian.
This book illustrates many contemporary issues in the Arab world such as misunderstanding about Islam and Hijab.
The story revolves around Rima, a Tunisian Muslim girl who her parents died.
Her mother's last words to her Jewish neighbor, Jacob, are to raise Rima as a Muslim.
Jacob accepts Rima's care and Rima, a teenage girl, grows up and starts wearing Islamic veil.
Jacob's wife, Tanya, who cannot tolerates with Rima's veil and finds that her Jewish children are also interested in Islamic veil because of Rima, sees Rima as a threat to her childrens and asks Jacob to choose between Rima and her family.
As a result, Jacob sends Rima to his sister Rachel's home in Lebanon.
There, Rachel's husband mistreated Rima then she forced to move.
Afterwards, she becomes acquainted with Nada and becomes one of the agents of his conversion to Islam.
A love story about coexistence between religions.
This book was published in Arabic in 388 pages on 2012.
This book has been published in Arabic and in novel form.
The novel discusses about how could be difficult for Arab and Muslim refugees to adapt themselves with French society.
The main character in this novel is a Muslim girl who wears a head scarf and faces problems because of it in society.
This book was published in Arabic in 407 pages on 2015.
Excerpt from the book: When she was asked first time about the journey ahead, her mother, Fatima, responded indirectly to her by these statements.
She told her about Yasmeen's flower, which her name comes from it.
She said Yasmeen's flower is always convinced to the least.
This plant does not need much care.
A single drop of fertilizer per each spring is enough for it.
Suffice it to be slightly moist, then no irrigation is needed.
All types of jasmine flowers prefer to grow in a sunny place but also tolerate the presence of shade.
The Tunisian sun is suitable for blossoming and completing personality of this flower, but it has the ability to withstand the shade and cold climate of Europe.
Like the Mediterranean white jasmine, which is very delicate in appearance but strong in character.
Yasmeen's unique fragrance conveys a sense of sincerity that other roses lack.<br>
She did not ask about the importance of the emotions that this flower brings.
She knew that giving a woman a jasmine flower sometimes meant, "Why didn't you ever love me?"
Just as her father had given her, Yasmeen, to her mother.
It was her father's last gift to her mother because he had been evading custody of Yasmeen after divorce.
After that, her mother never accepted anyone's love because she had dedicated herself to love for Yasmeen.<br>She increasingly felt the absence of his mother more day after day.
Over time, she became more confident that she would be lost without him.
She knew that being a foreigner was not an easy experience.
However, he had agreed to take the trip.
Her mother had taught him how to be a real jasmine, but she may have overlooked the bitter truth: When it leaves its soil, Jasmine quickly fades away and wraps itself beautifully in the dry.
This book has been published in Arabic and in novel form.
The novel discusses about the hardships of immigration of Muslims and whether it is worth it.
This book was published in Arabic in 383 pages on 2016.
Part of the text of the book: Everything was cool and exciting until I decided to make a change in my desperate path and do something extraordinary to get me out of this absurdity hell.
After that, in one of the autumn night, when I stepped on the boat that had stopped on the shore, the moonlight has faded from my life, and my life became a improvisations series of exceptional cases.
From then on, I went through different adventures and endangered my life many times.
I became close to the borders of death by drowning and deprived myself of justice, I even almost fell into the realm of the dead.
Over and over, I found myself hoping to return to a monotonous life with no excitement.
I was scared to be forgotten in a corner and die alone.
I was afraid that I had ruined my normal life for nothing!
This book has been published in Arabic and in novel form.
The novel mainly scrutinizes the Tunisian revolution and the effects that these failed revolutions have on the people.
This is part of the text: If she could paint a simple picture of her life, of course if she had been so aware, she recognized that it was all just suffering.
Each suffering depicts a different path, expressing certain meanings that she was unaware of it... Every suffering had to search for the next suffering to find its way...
In the meantime she was looking for a way to get rid of it and always asked: Which event, like a tornado, shook the pillars of her monotonous life?...
Just when there was an incentive to keep going, everything seemed void to her... Like a fisherman who fished a fish then thrown it into the sea and wait for a bigger fish...
This book has been published in Arabic in 431 pages on 2018.
Cosmo Lady
Cosmo Lady (China) Holdings Company Limited (HKSE: 2298), doing business as Cosmo Lady () is a Chinese company, headquartered in Dongguan, that manufactures underwear; it is the largest such company in the country.
In 2014 it was the largest such company, if operating revenue is the method of measurement, with its own brand.
It operates some retail shops selling its own products.
Zheng Yaonan () is the chairperson.
The brand was established in 1998 and the current corporation was established in 2009.
Historically the company sold only women's underwear.
In 2014 the company had considered steps to also begin selling such products for male consumers.
That year it made an initial public offering and effective 26 June 2014 was listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKSE).
In 2019 there was an expected loss of 140 million USD, and possible plans to close retail stores.
Its head office, the City Beauty Industrial Park (), is in Fengdeling Village (), Fenggang Town, Dongnan District, Dongguan.
It moved to its current headquarters in 2010.
Requiem Survey (website)
Requiem Survey, a website established in 2003 by Reformed Christian rector, literary scholar and author Kees van der Vloed (born 9 June 1960 in the Netherlands), endeavors to categorize all composers and works relating to the Mass for the dead.
As of 2019 the repository includes 3,294 composers and 5,266 works.
The specialized encyclopedia also lists Vloed's personal music library, which is "focused on work directly related to the Latin text and its implementation excluding evocative work, but as promiscuous as Henze’s "Requiem" (a cycle of nine sacred concerts), Hindemith (on texts by Whitman) and Weinberg (on texts by various poets, e.g., Lorca and Fukagawa)."
The alphabetical survey itself recognizes classical, vocal requiems (and their composers), including fragments and unfinished works in the original Latin text as well as in other languages (e.g., German requiems), requiem-songs, motets and profane requiems.
Instrumental works are not included.
Since its inception, "Requiem Survey" has received an audience of more than 75 million readers.
Björn Roxin
Björn Håkan Roxin (born May 19, 1950) is a Swedish curler.
He is a and a two-time Swedish men's champion (1986, 1988).
His three brothers – Claes, Göran and Lars-Eric – are also curlers.
Gervasius de Wolvehope
Gervasius de Wolvehope (fl.1295-1302), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1295, 1298 and 1302.
Christina Morales
Christina Morales is a Texas Democratic politician serving in the Texas House of Representatives for district 145.
Morales' grandfather, Felix H. Morales, opened KLVL the first Spanish speaking radio station that reported news for the Gulf Coast.
At the age of 23, following the death of her grandmother, Morales took over the funeral home ran by the family.
Morales has 2 children and 2 twin grandchildren.
She is Hispanic
Morales, in 1997, founded the Annual Morales Back to School Supplies Giveaway.
The program helps low income children in Houston get supplies needed for school.
Morales serves as CEO of the program.
In the spring of 2019, Morales was elected to represent district 145 in the Texas House of Representatives.
She was sworn in on March 18, 2019 succeeding Carol Alvarado.
Additionally, Morales has served as a board member of several organizations.
She is affiliated with the Democratic Party.
Suraj Pe Mangal Bhari
Suraj Pe Mangal Bhari is an upcoming Indian Hindi-language family comedy film directed by Abhishek Sharma and produced under the banner Zee Studios.
The film features Diljit Dosanjh, Manoj Bajpayee and Fatima Sana Shaikh in the lead roles.Principal photography began on 6 January 2020.
Wolvehope
Wolvehope is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Ricardus le Palmere
Ricardus de Palmere (fl.1295-1302), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1295 and 1302.
Tayside Junior Football League
The Tayside Junior Football League , originally called the "Midlands League", was a football league competition operated in Tayside under the Scottish Junior Football Association which operated as the top league in the territory until a merger in 2002; it existed for a further four years as a second-tier league before the name was discontinued in 2006.
Junior football had been played in the region since the 1890s, but it was not until a restructuring across Scotland in the late 1960s that all teams in the territory were brought together under one umbrella - previously they had been competing in the local leagues in Angus, Perthshire and Dundee, though the membership of these was not always rigidly dependant on geography, and another "Midland League" also existed from the 1920s to the 1940s involving clubs from all three territories.
Due to predicted difficulties in arranging the new format, an extra year was requested for its completion by the local committees, and the Midland (Tayside) leagues began in 1969, a year after the rest of Scotland (the North was the only one of the six new regions which required more than minor adjustment to its structure).
With titles having been shared between clubs from Perthshire and Dundee (the sole Angus champions in 1974 being Kirrie Thistle), the league's balance altered dramatically in 1990 when Tayport joined the setup; their base was actually in the far north of Fife but they were permitted to join the Tayside league as they were closer to many of its teams via the Tay Road Bridge.
The "Port" almost immediately began to dominate and did not finish outside the top two places from 1991 until 2002, when the Tayside leagues were merged with the Fife League and the East (Lothians) league to form a new Scottish Junior Football Association, East Region Superleague.
Despite the challenge of facing the strongest clubs from these other two areas, Tayport continued to be among the leading teams for the first six years; Dundee side Lochee United also finished as East Region champions twice in that period.
Tayside's setup was retained as a feeder division to the Superleague along with the other historic districts until 2006, when they were fully integrated into the East Region; Tayside's section (minus the Perthshire teams which were placed with the Fife sides) became the North Division below the Super League and a new Premier Division.
In 2018, a large group of East Junior clubs joined the East of Scotland Football League, aspiring to gain entry to the senior Scottish Professional Football League in future years; however, on Tayside the only ones to do so were the Perth teams Jeanfield Swifts and Kinnoull.
This led to a North-South reorganisation of the remaining members of the region, with the 2019–20 Superleague North entirely compsed of former Tayside clubs.
Notes
Notes
Palmere
Palmere may refer to:
Tony America
Tony America is a 1918 U.S. film directed by Thomas N. Heffron and starring Francis McDonald.
A poor but optimistic young fruit peddler from Genoa is lured to America by his boss; once he arrives, he finds himself trapped in a stormy marriage with an unfaithful wife.
Arnold Schönberg complete edition
The Arnold Schönberg Complete Edition is a historical-critical edition of the complete compositional works of Arnold Schönberg, which is intended to serve both scholarship and musical practice.
The edition is published by Schott Music in Mainz and the Universal-Edition in Vienna.
The edition was created in December 1965 by Schönberg's pupil and later assistant Josef Rufer at the headquarters of the Mainz music publisher B. Schott's Söhne.
Initially the Volkswagen Foundation was able to secure funding, until the 1980 edition was included in the .
Since then it has been supervised by the Academy of Sciences and Literature in Mainz.
The first volume appeared in print in 1966.
The office is located in Berlin and cooperates with the Arnold Schönberg Center in Vienna.
The Schönberg Complete Edition is divided into the following sections:
Al-Taraf Club
Al-Taraf Club is a Saudi Arabian Association football team in Al-Ahsa City playing at the Saudi Third Division.
Luss (disambiguation)
Luss is a village on the bank of Loch Lomond, Scotland.
Luss or LUSS may also refer to:
2020 TCR Japan Touring Car Series
The 2020 TCR Japan Touring Car Series season is scheduled to be the first season of the TCR Japan Touring Car Series.
The series will support the 2019 Super Formula Championship.
The calendar was announced on 27 October 2018 with six confirmed dates with all rounds held in Japan and supporting the Super Formula Championship.
Three Days of Viktor Chernyshov
Three Days of Viktor Chernyshov () is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by .
The film takes place in the 60s.
Viktor Chernyshev gets a job as a turner in a factory.
He calmly reacted to the fact that his lazy peer Nikolai was boasting to his colleagues about his victories over women, who, in turn, listened with pleasure to him.
And only doctor Peter tried to change the situation.
Mayes Middleton
Mayes Middleton is a Texas Republican politician who serves for district 23 in the Texas House of Representatives.
Mayes Middleton was born in Wallisville, Texas.
Middleton received degrees in finance and Plan II Honors from University of Texas at Austin, and a Juris Doctor from University of Texas Law School.
He and his wife Macy have to twin children.
The Middleton family lives in Houston, Texas.
Middleton currently serves as president of Middleton Oil Company, which is an independent oil and gas company that operates in South Texas and the Gulf Coast.
During the Republican primary in 2018 Middleton was endorsed by Texas governor Greg Abbott.
Middleton serves in the Texas House of Representatives for district 23, he was sworn in on January 8, 2019 succeeding Wayne Faircloth.
Middleton is running for reelection and will appear on the Republican primary ballot in 2020.
May el-Toukhy
May el-Thouky (born August 17, 1977) is a Danish-Egyptian film director, known for directing the 2019 film "Queen of Hearts".
She also directed the 2015 film "Lang historie kort".
Goal!
Another Goal!
Goal!
Another Goal!
() is a 1968 Soviet comedy film directed by .
The film shows the final football match in Leningrad between the Leningrad "Zarya" team and the West European "Reefs".
The son of the "Zarya" coach went to visit one girl before the match and he returned only in the morning, which is why he was suspended from participation in the game.
suddenly one player is injured and Sergey replaces him.
Sam Harless
Eric Sam Harless is a Texas Republican politician that serves district 126 in the Texas House of Representatives.
He is the husband of Patricia Harless.
In 1981 Harless graduated from Spring High School, he then attended Lone Star College, and later attended Sam Houston State University.
He married Patricia Fincher in 1986, they have one son.
Harless is a member of Champion Forest Baptist Church.
Today, he and his wife Patricia own Fred Fincher Motors, a second-generation independent automobile dealership.
His wife Patricia served in the Texas House representing the same District from 2007 – 2016.
Harless serves in the Texas House of Representatives for district 126.
He was sworn in on January 8, 2019 succeeding Kevin Roberts.
Harless is affiliated with the Republican Party.
Alone (radio series)
Alone is a BBC Radio 4 situation comedy which stars Angus Deayton and is written by Moray Hunter.
The show began with a pilot episode in January 2017, with the first series following on 26 April 2018.
Middle-aged and widowed Mitch is living in a converted North London Victorian house, divided into flats, with the house owner and half-brother Will who works as a translator from home.
In the neighbouring flats is nervous and shy Ellie who secretly holds a crush on Mitch, frightfully honest but frustrated actress Louisa, and dimwitted IT nerd Morris.
All four find their way to bothering Mitch with regularity.
The show pilot was commissioned as part of a group of six shows which aired together on the 7 January 2017.
The first series was confirmed on the 17 August 2017.
The return for the second series was announced on 9 January 2018.
The show originally aired on BBC Radio 4, with repeats also airing the following week on BBC Radio 4 Extra.
Derek de Solla Price Memorial Medal
The Derek de Solla Price Memorial Award, or Price Medal, was conceived to honor Derek J. de Solla Price for his contributions to information science and for his crucial role in developing the field of scientometrics.
The award was launched by Tibor Braun, founder of the international journal Scientometrics, and is periodically awarded by the journal to scientists with outstanding contributions to the fields of quantitative studies of science.
The awarding ceremony is part of the annual ISSI conference.
The first medal was awarded to Eugene Garfield in 1984.
The full list of winners can be found below.
Nanditha K. S.
Nanditha K. S. was a poet from Kerala who wrote poems in Malayalam and English.
Her poems were discovered in her diary after her death and published as a collection.
She was born on 21 May 1969 in Wayanad district.
She completed her education from Zamorin's Guruvayurappan College, Farook College, University of Calicut English Department and Mother Teresa Women's University, Chennai.
After completing her B.A.
and M.A.
degrees, she worked as a lecturer for English at the Wayanad Muttil Muslim Orphanage Arts and Science College.
Nanditha took her life on 17 January 1999.
After her death, her parents discovered a diary of her poems which she had not shared with anyone.
A collection of her poems written between 1985 through 1993 were published in a book form as "Nandithayude Kavithakal", under the initiative of the Malayalam literary critic, M. M. Basheer .
The first edition of the book was published in 2002 and fourth edition in 2007.
Death and love were common themes in her poems.
Though most of her poems were in Malayalam she also wrote in English .
Her life was the subject of the film titled Nanditha released in 2017.
Hungama 2
Hungama 2 is an upcoming Indian 2020 Hindi-language comedy film directed by Priyadarshan and jointly produced by Ratan Jain, Ganesh Jain, Chetan Jain and Armaan Ventures.
A sequel of the 2003 film "Hungama", the film stars Paresh Rawal, Shilpa Shetty, Meezaan Jaffrey and Pranitha Subhash.
"Hungama 2" marks the comeback of director Priyadarshan to Bollywood films after seven years.
The principal photography commenced on 8 January 2020 in Mumbai.
The film will be slated for a theatrical release in India on 14 August 2020.
Typhoon Phanfone (2019)
Typhoon Phanfone, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Ursula, was a relatively strong and deadly tropical cyclone which traversed through the Philippines on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day for the first time since Nock-ten in 2016.
The twenty-ninth and final named storm of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season, the origins of Phanfone can be traced to an upper-level low which had formed near the Caroline Islands and gradually organized into a tropical depression on December 19.
Moving generally west-northwestard, the system intensified into a tropical storm on December 22 and moved into the Philippine Area of Responsibility on the following day as it continued gaining strength.
Phanfone intensified to typhoon status shortly before making its first landfalls over the Eastern Visayas region on Christmas Eve.
Further intensification ensued until Christmas Day despite Phanfone making several landfalls over the central Philippine islands, peaking at 150 km/h (90 mph) 10-minute sustained winds with a central pressure dropping to 970 hPa.
Phanfone maintained its typhoon strength for several hours as it exited the Philippine landmass before unfavorable conditions caused it to rapidly deteriorate and dissipate over the South China Sea.
Phanfone crossed the central Philippines after the stronger Kammuri struck nearly the same region merely weeks prior, with a track fairly similar to 2013’s Haiyan.
The system caused destruction in the Visayas region, particularly over Samar, Leyte and Iloilo.
The total fatalities of the said typhoon is 50 deaths (with 55 people missing, and over 300 injured) and the damages is at or roughly .
Prior to its formation on December 19, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) began monitoring a low pressure system to the southeast of Micronesia.
Showing signs of convection and sufficient banding around a defined center, the JTWC subsequently upgraded its initial warning to a medium chance of development.
Shortly thereafter on December 20, JTWC issued a tropical cyclone formation alert, while the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) issued its first advisory on the system.
By December 22, the system gained tropical storm strength and JMA issued the named "Phanfone."
Moving generally west-northwestward, Phanfone moved into the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) at 5:00 am PST December 23 and the Philippine weather bureau PAGASA locally named the system as "Ursula".
Owing to favorable conditions, Phanfone intensified further into a severe tropical storm hours later.
By afternoon of December 24, Phanfone gained typhoon strength shortly before making its first three landfalls over Salcedo, Eastern Samar (4:45 pm PST), Tacloban City (7:30 pm PST), and Cabucgayan, Biliran (9:15 pm PST).
Further intensification ensued until December 25, with Phanfone peaking at 00:00 UTC with 150 km/h (90 mph) 10-minute sustained winds and a central pressure dropping to 970 hPa; the JTWC reported that Phanfone peaked at 175 km/h 1-minute sustained winds, equivalent to a Category 2 typhoon.
Phanfone continued its west-northwestward track and, by afternoon of the same day, PAGASA had reported four additional landfalls: Gigantes Islands (2:30 am PST), Ibajay, Aklan (8:40 am PST), Semirara Island (1:00 pm PST), and Bulalacao, Oriental Mindoro (3:00 pm PST).
By December 26, Phanfone had already exited the Philippine landmass, moving northwest over the South China Sea.
After holding strength for several hours, the system began losing strength due to unfavorable sea surface temperatures, medium wind shear and dry air intrusion.
On December 27, Phanfone dropped to tropical storm status while rapidly deteriorating and slowly moving.
On December 28, PAGASA issued its final warning as the system exited the PAR; later, JMA issued their final advisories as Phanfone weakened below warning threshold.
The PAGASA issued a signal 3 warning to Northern Samar, Samar, Eastern Samar, Leyte, Biliran and the Camotes Islands, meaning that 65-92 knot (75-106 mph; 121–170 km/h) winds were expected.
The PAGASA also issued a signal 2 warning to the Visayas, meaning that 33-65 knot (38-75 mph; 61–120 km/h) winds were to be expected within 24 hours.
It was issued to the central portion of northern Cebu, northeastern Iloilo, northern Antique, Capiz, Aklan, Southern Leyte, and Negros Occidental, which meant that Phanfone was taking a similar path to the areas hit by the much stronger Typhoon Haiyan.
The Visayas was the worst hit, with Iloilo City having 13 casualties alone that had been either struck by fallen trees, electrocuted or drowned.
Roxas, Tacloban and Maasin all received 140 mm (5.5 inches) of rain.
The extent of damage in the Philippines was quite far, with the Boracay Airport being heavily damaged as many people were stranded in the airport as the typhoon struck.
A disaster response officer also reported that power outages and damage in the town of Batad in Iloilo Province made it appear as a “ghost town”.
Severe flooding caused devastating damage in the many provinces and islands of Visayas as rain spread across the region, with many houses and vehicles being partially to completely submerged.
Multiple houses were crumpled and trees were downed, as well as power lines being downed.
All of these obstacles blocked off roads and made roads dangerous to walk on; and the excessive amounts of rainfall made ground, especially higher ground, very unstable.
The province of Leyte was placed under a state of calamity following the damage of the typhoon, with livestock, crops and infrastructure being damaged in excess of $1 million USD.
Most of the casualties are estimated to have taken place at Iloilo, as the village was badly hit with severe and swift-moving flash floods.
Tacloban was hit as fires broke out and winds allowed them to spread but it the 220,000 inhabitants escaped the worst of the system.
147 cities were affected by power outages but by Friday, December 27, 31 of those 147 had their power restored.
Because of the upcoming Christmas celebrations, 16,000 passengers who had holiday plans in their respective provinces with their families, were stranded in port for their safety due to the threat of the typhoon.
Upon making landfall near Salcedo in Eastern Samar around 4:45 PM, it was reported that the typhoon was causing major flooding and mudslides in the region.
As the storm quickly and unexpectedly intensified, over 58,000 people were evacuated in advance of the typhoon.
Five fishermen were reported missing and a 70-year-old man died after his house was swept away and as a result, he drowned.
Around 2,351 people have been affected by the typhoon and 1,654 were taking refuge in evacuation centers.
The World Food Programme issued advisories and infographics plotting the projected path of Phanfone, as well as evacuation and relief centers.
As of December 27, 2019, there are at least 28 confirmed fatalities according to the Philippines Disaster Agency, including a 13-year-old boy who was electrocuted.
A signal 2 warning was also issued to Luzon, with the southern portion of Quezon, Marinduque, Oriental Mindoro, Occidental Mindoro including Lubang Island, Romblon, Albay, Sorsogon, Burias Island, Calamian and Cuyo Islands all forecast to be in the path of Phanfone.
A signal 1 warning was issued to Bulacan, Bataan, Metro Manila, Rizal, rest of Quezon, Laguna, Batangas, Camarines Sur, Camarines Norte, Catanduanes and northern Palawan.
The island's governor ordered local government units to conduct a forced evacuation plan, prompting civilians near flood-prone areas and areas with the potential to be affected by landslides, to relocate temporarily as a safety precaution.
Local representatives visited residents in Libon, Maninila and Tandarora to advise them to evacuate and temporarily celebrate Christmas in evacuation centers for their safety.
Many public schools were open in order to serve as shelters for residents while the provincial government distributed food packs to the evacuees.
In Naval, the local government unit deployed evacuation tents for evacuees on Monday, December 23 with some tents reserved for senior citizens, pregnant women and people with disabilities.
Personnel of the Romblon Provincial Mobile Force Company were deployed and conducted an inventory of Search and Rescue (SAR) equipment on December 23 in preparation for the typhoon.
San Jose experienced 217 mm (8.64 inches) of rain in just under 24 hours.
Upwards of 58,000 people were evacuated from Luzon and its surrounding islands as the system brought torrential rain and severe flash flooding ensued as a result of the rains.
One family was swept away whilst trying to reach higher ground.
Water and power services were completely cut off, and restoration was estimated to take weeks.
Due to extensive damage done by Typhoon Phanfone in the Philippines, PAGASA announced that the name "Ursula" will be removed from the list of typhoon names, and the agency named 'Ugong' to replace 'Ursula'.
Ursus Minor Mountain
Ursus Minor Mountain is a mountain summit located in Glacier National Park, in the Hermit Range of the Selkirk Mountains in British Columbia, Canada.
Ursus Minor Mountain is situated northeast of Revelstoke, and west of Golden.
It is also set northwest of Cheops Mountain, and west of Rogers Pass.
Its nearest higher peak is Grizzly Mountain, to the east-northeast.
The first ascent of the mountain was made in 1907 by Rupert W. Haggen, with guide Edouard Feuz Jr.
The mountain's name was adopted in 1906, then re-approved September 8, 1932, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
It was so-named because of its proximity above Bear Creek (since renamed Connaught Creek), and in keeping with the bear theme of other nearby features such as Ursus Major Mountain, Grizzly Mountain, Bruins Pass, and Balu Pass.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Ursus Minor Mountain is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain and meltwater from a small unnamed glacier on its north slope drains into tributaries of the Illecillewaet River and Beaver River.
Khalid Mohamed Al Jaber
Khalid Mohamed Al Jaber (خالد محمد الجابر) is a record holder Qatari biker and traveler who travels to spread messages and create awareness about specific subjects.
In 2017, he traveled 21,000 km at the silk route, from London to Beijing, promoting the work of charitable health projects that work for children without limbs.
He traveled 43,000 km from Alaska to Argentina in 2018, spreading the idea of traveling and exploring among young people.
The trip was supported by the Ministry of Culture and Sports of Qatar.
Khalid Mohamed Al Jaber's passion for motorcycles began at an early age of 8.
He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Network Engineering and a master's degree in Innovative Technology (Computer Crime).
He is a computer network engineer and also works in film production.
He obtained his driver's license in 2010 and started with a classic bike.
Al Jaber's first long distance travel was of 800km which he covered by circling Qatar.
Jaidev (film)
Jaidev is a 1998 Indian Kannada action drama directed by H. Vasu who also wrote the screenplay for a story by M. D. Hasham.
It film has musical score by Rajesh Ramanath.
The film stars Jaggesh in the titular role alongside an ensemble cast which includes Charulatha, Srinath, Doddanna, Ashok, Sumithra and Gurudatt.
The film was produced by Sa Ra Govindu in the banner of Thanu Chithra.
The film narrates the story of two brothers , Dhanpal and Jaipal, who have supreme authority over their dead brother-in-law's wealth.
However, when a stage comes that they are unable to keep their authority due to their brother-in-law's will which states that his son will be the next heir , they hire Jaidev, a young good doer to play that role.
He is hoodwinked into believing that they are doing it for their sister.
What happens later forms the crux of the story.
The soundtrack album comprises 6 songs composed by Rajesh Ramanath.
The film was cleared with a "U Certificate" from the Censor Board after deletion of a few dialogues.
"Sri Ganesh Video" purchased the video rights of the film.
Liu Nianguang
Liu Nianguang (; born December 1957) is a lieutenant general ("zhongjiang") in the People's Liberation Army.
He was promoted to the rank of major general ("shaojiang") in July 2007 and lieutenant general ("zhongjiang") in July 2015.
He is the current Political Commissioner of National University of Defense Technology.
Liu was born in Jingjiang, Jiangsu in December 1957.
In 1974 he graduated from Jianping County No.1 High School.
He enlisted in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in December 1974.
He served in the Shenyang Military Region for a long time.
In 2006 he was promoted to become Director of Political Department of the 40th Group Army, a position he held until 2008.
In February 2008 he became Deputy Political Commissioner of the 40th Group Army, ten months later he was promoted to become Political Commissioner.
He was Director of Political Department of the Chengdu Military Region in December 2013, and held that office until January 2016.
In July 2017 he was appointed Political Commissioner of National University of Defense Technology, replacing Wang Jianwei.
Dukhan / Tamim Airbase
Dukhan / Tamim Airbase is a new air base built for the Qatari Air Force in 2018 near Dukhan.
The facility's name is in honour of the Emir of Qatar Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani.
It is the country's third and newest air base.
The facility is not Dukhan Airport, a civilian airport built in 1930 and made obsolete in 1959 when Doha International Airport was opened.
The airbase received five of the air force's order of 36 Dassault Rafale jet fighters in June 2019, though the base was not completely operational at the time.
Jean-Antoine de Mesmes
Jean-Antoine de Mesmes may refer to:
Witold Abramowicz
Witold Abramowicz is a Polish scientist, professor of economics, postdoctoral degree in mathematics and engineer, chair of the Department of Information Systems at PUEB.
He received the Knight's Cross of the Polonia Restituta Cross in 2019.
Jordan Kristine Seamon
Jordan Seamon (born November 28, 2002), better known by her stage name J.K. is an American R&B/Urban pop singer/song-writer, actress, artist, author, entrepreneur, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania native that is now based in Atlanta, Georgia.
J.K.’s sound is rich, soulful, and charismatic.
J.K. established herself as a dynamic songwriter with her 1st single, "Glo-Up" and "Glo-Up" Remix' featuring, rapper High Defynition, which was released on March 5, 2018.
The song was produced by American production duo Nard & B.
In 2019, Jordan had a small role in "We Are Who We Are" along side Kid Cudi and Jack Dylan Grazerin an 8-episode miniseries for HBO, directed by Luca Guadagnino.
Dieter Rexroth
Dieter Rexroth (born 1941) is a German musicologist and dramaturge.
Born in Dresden, Rexroth studied composition, conducting, musicology, German studies and philosophy at the universities of Cologne, Vienna and Bonn.
In 1969 he received his doctorate in Bonn with a thesis on Arnold Schönberg.
From 1974 to 1991 he was founding director of the in Frankfurt am Main.
From 1980 to 1994 he was also dramaturge at the Alte Oper in Frankfurt and co-founder of the "Frankfurter Feste", whose artistic director he was from 1986 to 1994.
In 1995/1996 he developed an artistic event concept for St. Pölten as intendant of the Lower Austrian cultural scene.
From 1996 to 2006 he was intendant in the Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin of the "Rundfunkorchester und Chöre GmbH.
In 2000 he brought the American conductor Kent Nagano to Berlin and became his dramaturgical consultant
.
In 2000 he also became artistic director of the Young Euro Classic festival in Berlin and directed the "Kasseler Musiktage" from 2005 to 2015.
Since 2013 he has been artistic director of the , for which he conceptually focused on the promotion of the prizewinners, and chairman of the jury for composition.
Rexroth is the author and editor of publications on classical composers such as Ludwig van Beethoven, Anton Webern and Paul Hindemith as well as on contemporary composers such as Hans Werner Henze and Wolfgang Rihm.
Editorship:
Sung-bin
Sung-bin or Seong-bin is a Korean masculine given name.
The meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name.
There are 27 hanja with the reading "Sung" and 25 hanja with the reading "Bin" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
People with this name include:
Arthur Scott (cricketer)
Arthur Avison Scott (3 December 1883 – 6 January 1968) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Navy officer.
The son of the Reverend Avison Scott and Dorothea Sarah Tillard, he was born at Bootle in December 1883.
He attended the Britannia Royal Naval College, from where he graduated into the Royal Navy as an acting paymaster sub-lieutenant.
He was confirmed in the rank of sub-lieutenant in April 1904, with promotion to lieutenant following in October 1905.
Scott made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1912.
He took 2 wickets in the match and scored 9 runs.
He was promoted to the rank of lieutenant commander in September 1913 and the following year he served in the First World War, during which he was mentioned in dispatches for his role in the Evacuation of Gallipoli in late 1915 and early 1916.
Scott commanded during the Battle of Dover Strait in October 1916.
He was made decorated with the Bronze Medal of Military Valor by Italy in March 1918, in addition to being made a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order in June 1918.
The following month he was promoted to commander.
Scott was placed on the retired list in January 1923.
Nearly six years after retiring, he was granted the rank of captain in December 1928.
He died in January 1968 at Attleborough, Norfolk.
His brother, George, also played first-class cricket.
Hamilton Belt Line
The Belt Line was a former CSX owned freight railroad branch industrial line on the west side of Hamilton, Ohio extending from Belt Junction JCT connection with CSX Cincinnati Terminal Subdivision and the CSXIndianapolis Subdivision.
After the rail line closed, it was converted to bicycling and hiking path.
The 2.9-mile Hamilton Belt Railway operated entirely within Hamilton from 1898 until 2012, serving several industries on the city’s West Side.
Its prime customer for 114 years was Champion Papers (later SMART Papers).
By 1926, Champion was dispatching 18 to 20 cars of paper daily, and bringing in an average of 144 box cars and 55 coal cars each week.
In 1926, HBR tracks were purchased by the B&O.
By 1940, Champion’s Hamilton mill rail yards had more than 20 miles of track with several steam locomotives shuttling cars around the clock.
HBR began losing business to trucks after World War II.
It had no locomotives or cars and was worked in succession by the CH&D, the B&O, CSX and, after 1988, by privately-owned short line companies Great Miami & Western Railway then US Rail.
Furth (b Deisenhofen) station
Furth (b Deisenhofen) station () is a railway station in the municipality of Furth, located in the Munich district in Bavaria, Germany.
Oristelle Marx
Oristelle Marx (born July 7, 1971) is a former French wheelchair tennis player, she is a right-handed player.
She competed in two Paralympic Games and won two bronze medals in the doubles' events with Arlette Racineux.
In 1986, Marx was involved in an accident in a gymnastics training centre which resulted in her paraplegia.
She now works as a consultant trainer for disability awareness.
Monica Walker (illustrator)
Monica Walker was a writer and illustrator, active in the United Kingdom in the 1940s and 1950s.
She was a student at the Central School of Arts and Crafts in the late 1930s.
She is depicted as a shopkeeper in an illustration, "High Street", by her fellow student Hilary Stebbing.
Walker worked for a time as a draughtswoman in an aircraft factory.
She illustrated children's books, including her own "The Educated Pig" (Oxford University Press; 1949) and texts by others such as "Ditties for the Nursery" (Oxford University Press, 1954) by Iona Opie, "Trouble for Tembo" (Dolphin Books/ University of London Press, 1958) by Lesley Bourne, and "Martin's Holiday" (Dolphin Books/ University of London Press, 1960) by Enid Wiseman.
Her work was featured on the cover of the 1956 Christmas edition of "Radio Times".
A 1947 portrait photograph of Walker, by John Gay, is in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery.
She was photographed by Gay for, and featured in, an article in "The Strand Magazine", "Eight Young Artists in Search of an Editor", in which she was said to be living with her parents in Surbiton.
The University of the Arts London (the successor to the Central School of Arts and Crafts) has three of her works in its collection.
Cavendish Hospital
Cavendish Hospital is a geriatric healthcare facility in Manchester Road, Buxton, Derbyshire.
It is managed by Derbyshire Community Health Services NHS Foundation Trust.
The hospital has its origins in the Buxton Clinic, a geriatric facility established in Buxton Crescent in 1935.
The clinic became the geriatric wing of the Devonshire Royal Hospital in 1948 and then moved to a completely new facility at Manchester Road in 1966.
In July 2017, the North Derbyshire Clinical Commissioning Group announced the closure of 18 beds at the hospital.
Local member of parliament Ruth George raised concerns about the matter with Philip Dunne, health minister, during a debate on health in the House of Commons in October 2017.
National University of Science and Technology (Oman)
National University of Science and Technology (NUST) is a private university in Oman which was established in 2018 by merger of three professional colleges, Caledonian College of Engineering, Oman Medical College, and College of Pharmacy.
Around 4300 international students from 33 countries have graduated from the university.
NUST has academic partnerships with three international universities: Glasgow Caledonian University in Scotland, West Virginia University, U.S. and the University of South Carolina, U.S.
2020 Masters (darts)
The 2020 Ladbrokes Masters is the eighth staging of the non-ranking Masters darts tournament, held by the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC).
It is being held from 31 January–2 February 2020 at the Marshall Arena in Milton Keynes, England.
Michael van Gerwen was the five-time defending champion, after defeating James Wade 11–5 in the 2019 final.
However, he was beaten in the Masters for the first time since 2014, losing 10–6 to Jonny Clayton in the first round, and losing his 20-match unbeaten streak at The Marshall Arena.
A new champion will be crowned, as Michael van Gerwen and James Wade, the only two previous champions who qualified, were both eliminated in the first round.
The Masters will feature the top 16 players in the PDC Order of Merit after the 2020 PDC World Darts Championship.
Nathan Aspinall will make his debut in the event.
The following 16 players will take part in the tournament:
The prize money will be £200,000 in total, which was the same as in 2019.
St Mary's Church, Rydal
St Mary's Church is in the village of Rydal in the Lake District, Cumbria, England.
It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
The church is situated on the A591 road between Ambleside and Grasmere and is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
The church was built by Lady le Fleming of Rydal Hall, at a cost of £1,500.
The foundation stone was laid in 1823 with the chapel opened in 1824, and consecrated in 1825.
The architect was George Webster.
Poet William Wordsworth helped to choose the site, which was originally an orchard.
Carlos Domínguez (weightlifter)
Carlos Domínguez was a Peruvian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
List of number-one R&amp;B/hip-hop songs of 2020 (U.S.)
This page lists the songs that reached number-one on the overall Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, the R&B Songs chart (which was created in 2012), and the Hot Rap Songs chart in 2020.
The R&B Songs and Rap Songs charts partly serve as distillations of the overall R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
List of Billboard number-one R&amp;B/hip-hop albums of 2020
This page lists the albums that reached number-one on the overall Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, the R&B Albums chart (which was re-created in 2013), and the Rap Albums chart in 2020.
The R&B Albums and Rap Albums charts partly serve as distillations of the overall R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Franz Eibler
Franz Eibler (19 May 1924 – 3 March 2010) was an Austrian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Leopoldo Briola
Leopoldo Briola was an Argentine weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Hugo Vallarino
Hugo Vallarino was an Argentine weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Karaulia
Karaulia is a village in Jagat block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128387.
The village is administrated by Gram panchayat.
Budaun railway station is 7 KMs away from the village.
As per the report of 2011 Census of India, The total population of the village is 1759, where 928 are males and 831 are females.
Ray Magee
Ray Magee (31 January 1918 – 19 April 1999) was an Australian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Alfonso Parera
Alfonso Parera (19 September 1922 – 28 June 1996) was a Cuban weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
HESTIM Engineering and Business School
HESTIM Engineering and Business School (, abbreviated HESTIM) is a private higher education institution located in the city of Casablanca, Morocco.
It was born in 2006 as a school of engineering offering degrees in industrial management.
In 2008 it added civil engineering to its academic offer.
In 2015-16 the original school was renamed HESTIM Engineering and a new school was created, HESTIM Management, offering degrees in business-related fields.
Both independently accredited schools, HESTIM Engineering and HESTIM Management, constitute the HESTIM group.
HESTIM offers its own Moroccan-accredited undergraduate degrees in industrial engineering, logistics engineering, civil engineering, and management.
It also offers French-accredited master's degrees in partnership with French universities and schools, such as UPHF (Université Polytechnique Hauts-de-France), ULCO (Université littoral côte d’opale), INSA Lyon (Institut National des sciences appliquées de Lyon), ESTIA (École supérieure des technologies industrielles avancées), IMT Lille Douai Ecole Mines de Douai.
The Big Bang (2019 film)
The Big Bang is a 2019 Malayalam short film written and directed by Lal Bijo.
The film is based on the consumption of water.
The story is about Lalu, an employed youth, who doesn't know the value of water.
One day he came to take some water and he heared some sounds near him, he scared and run away to the room.
Piet Taljaard
Piet Taljaard (April 1914 – 8 March 1950) was a South African weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Niels Petersen (weightlifter)
Niels Petersen (12 February 1918 – 22 August 1966) was a Danish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Hanafi Moustafa
Hanafi Moustafa was an Egyptian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Alfred Knight (weightlifter)
Alfred Knight (born 1916) was a British weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Eren Holding
Eren Holding is a conglomerate in Turkey with businesses in paper, packaging, cement, energy, retail, textile, and tourism.
Due to its cement factory, coal-fired power stations in Turkey and coal-fired steam boiler it is one of the largest private sector greenhouse gas emitters in Turkey.
Eren Holding is headquartered in Istanbul.
Its chairman and CEO is Ahmet Eren.
Eren was established by four brothers from Bitlis.
In 1969, Er-os Çamaşırları A.Ş., a underwear manufacturer and trademark was established.
In 1998, Eren Holding entered the energy sector with Modern Enerji Elektrik Üretim Otoprodüktör Grubu A.Ş.
In 2003 the Rixos Hotel Bodrum was put into service in Bodrum, Turkey, marking the company's entry into the tourism industry.
In 2007, Eren Enerji started construction of a 1360 MW coal-fired power plant in Zonguldak, which was completed in 2010.
In 2012, Eren Perakende created the multi-brand shoe concept SuperStep stores and multi-brand kids store chain SuperKids.
In 2014, a 6 MW biomass power plant started operating.
In 2015, Modern Enerji established the first solid waste incineration facility in Turkey.
Also in 2015, Modern Karton completed construction of a new paper factory.
Eren Holding controls businesses across several sectors, including energy, paper, cement, retail, ports, packaging, textile, and tourism.
Eren owns ports in Zonguldak and Mersin.
Its subsidiaries Eren Kağıt and Modern Karton collect waste paper and recycle it into corrugated fiberboard.
Eren owns Turkey's biggest cement factory—Medcem Çimento—in Mersin.
As local demand collapsed in 2019, the factory concentrates on exports.
ErenTekstil A.Ş.
manufactures cotton textiles.
Eren Perakende represent a number of international brands in Turkey, including Lacoste.
Eren Holding's subsidiary Eren Enerji owns the coal-fired ZETES power stations.
Its another energy subsidiary, Modern Enerji owns solid waste incineration facility and natural gas-fired and biomass-fired power plants in Çorlu.
The 2019 environmental award it received has been criticised as greenwash by environmental organizations.
Eren develops tourism projects in Istanbul and Bodrum.
Williemus Serverleg
Williemus Serverleg (fl.
1298), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1298.
Wang Jianwei (general)
Wang Jianwei (; born October 1954) is a lieutenant general ("zhongjiang") in the Chinese People's Liberation Army.
He was promoted to the rank of major general in July 2004 and lieutenant general in July 2011.
He was Political Commissioner of National University of Defense Technology between July 2010 and July 2017.
Wang was born in Xinhuang Dong Autonomous County, Hunan, China in October 1954, while his ancestral home in Laizhou, Shandong.
He enlisted in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in November1969.
He participated in the Sino-Vietnamese War.
After war, he served in the Guangzhou Military Region for a long time.
In October 2002, he was promoted to become Director of Political Department of the 75th Group Army.
He became a professor at National University of Defense Technology in August 2005.
He was President of PLA Nanjing Political College in March 2006, and held that office until August 2007, when he was appointed Head of Propaganda Division of the People's Liberation Army General Political Department.
He became Political Commissar of National University of Defense Technology in July 2010, and served until July 2017.
He is a delegate to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Lars-Eric Roxin
Lars-Eric Roxin (born February 15, 1945) is a Swedish curler.
He is a and a two-time Swedish men's champion (1986, 1988).
His three brothers – Claes, Göran and Björn – are also curlers.
Khunak
Khunak ("in hindi:खुनक") is a village in Jagat block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128339.
The village is administrated by Gram panchayat.
Budaun railway station is 6 KMs away from the village.
s per the report of 2011 Census of India, The total population of the village is 3247, where 1,693 are males and 1554 are females.
Haji Rais al-Tujjar
Haji Muhammad Ali Khan, Rais al-Tujjar CIE (also known as Haji Rais) was the Prime Minister of Arabistan and chief of its traders.
He was also the Sheikh of Mohammerah's advisor on Persian affairs.
Born in Behbahan, Haji Rais belonged to a wealthy family of merchants that traded on the coastal areas of the Persian Gulf and eventually established trade connections with India, under the British Raj.
A Consular official described him as an ‘excessively acute’ man and ‘a born diplomatist’.
By 1904 he was about 50 years old, ‘weak and fragile’ and had lived in Muhammareh for 20 years.
His son, Moshir ut-Tojjar, who was at that time 21, was praised as ‘a worthy son of his father’.
Haji Rais himself was a large merchant and grew very rich under Khaz’al over whom he had ‘great influence’.Khaz’al's eldest son and Heir apparent, Sheikh Kasib, was betrothed to Haji Rais’ daughter.
When in June 1897, Khaz’al Khan Ibn Haji Jabir Khan succeeded his brother Miz'al as the new "Sheikh of Mohammerah," the former duly sent his right-hand man, Haji Rais, to the Persian capital to elicit official recognition.
Haji Rais also reached out to the British Legation, whereby they responded that they would do all they could to "protect the Shaikh’s interests, and [that] the Shaikh should in return do all he can to further British interests now and in the future".
Eleanor Franklin Egan described him as a wonderful man about five feet five, that made up in loftiness of intelligence what he lacks in physical stature.
She further added, that he was the commanding intellect which has stood at the Sheikh’s right hand for more years than most people can remember.
Haji Rais was, for a brief period, the President of the "Khazaliah" school in Mohammerah.
However, after four years of presidentship, the school was eventually handed over to the British Consul at Mohammerah.
Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences
The Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences is the Chinese national, agricultural scientific research organization.
It was established in 1957 in Beijing and oversees 42 institutes.
32 are direct affiliates.
8 institutes are co-hosted together with local governments or universities.
It has more than 5,000 professional employees.
Amber Penney
Amber Penney (born 5 August 1997) is a South African water polo player and coach.
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships,
She played for Fresno Pacific University.
Chandau
Chandau ("in hindi:चन्दऊ") is a village in Ujhani Tehsil and Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128467.
Budaun railway station is 10 KMs away from the village.
The village is administrated by Gram Panchayat.
As per the report of 2011 Census of India, The total population of the village is 1334, where 729 are males and 605 are females.
Henry Cow: The World Is a Problem
Henry Cow: The World Is a Problem is a 2019 book by American academic Benjamin Piekut.
It is a biography and analysis of the English experimental rock group Henry Cow and their turbulent existence between 1968 and 1978.
The book is Piekut's second and was published in September 2019 in the United States by Duke University Press in hard- and soft-cover.
Piekut is a historian of experimental music and an associate professor of music at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
He had previously written "Experimentalism Otherwise: The New York Avant-Garde and Its Limits" (2011), had edited "Tomorrow Is the Question: New Directions in Experimental Music Studies" (2014), and co-edited with George E. Lewis "Oxford Handbook of Critical Improvisation Studies" (2016).
Piekut has also publshed several papers on Henry Cow, including "Music for Socialism, London 1977" (2019), and "Another Version of Ourselves: The Enigmas of Improvised Subjectivity" (2018).
Piekut sourced the content of "The World Is a Problem" from interviews (published and unpublished), notebooks and diaries, magazine and newspaper articles, journal papers, and books.
He conducted his own interviews between 2011 and 2016 with all living members of Henry Cow and those associated with the band, and was granted access to personal archives of several players, including Fred Frith, Tim Hodgkinson, Chris Cutler, Lindsay Cooper and Peter Blegvad.
Piekut wrote in the book's Preface that where written records and memories disagreed, "only by reading many of them together and against one another has it been possible to determine what actually happened with any accuracy."
The sock painting on the book's cover is by artist Ray Smith and was originally used on the cover of Henry Cow's second album, "Unrest" (1974).
Piekut took the book's subtitle, "The World Is a Problem" from a statement Hodgkinson made in one of his notebooks, paraphrasing Paulo Freire in "Pedagogy of the Oppressed", that Henry Cow wants to "transform the world; the world is a problem, not a given".
"The World Is a Problem" chronicles the history of Henry Cow and their exploration of music and activism, from their inception in 1968 to their break-up in 1978.
It also analyses of the nature of the band and the way they functioned.
They were a collective with a strict work-ethic that demanded total commitment from its members.
They held regular meetings where all aspects of the group, its music and activities were debated.
This tended to suppress individualism and made the band more important than its members, which strained relationships within the group, and with partners on the outside.
The book explains how Henry Cow were at odds with the status quo, the music industry and the world at large.
They were politically outspoken and embraced Marxism and Maoism.
They were not content to settle and continually experimented with new ideas.
The brief merger with Slapp Happy in 1975, the formation of the Orckestra with the Mike Westbrook Brass Band and folk singer Frankie Armstrong in 1977, and the establishment of the Rock in Opposition movement in 1978, were some of several ventures they initiated.
Henry Cow's approach to composition is discussed, and the musical structure and lyrics (where present) of many of their more prominent works, including Frith's "Ruins" and Hodgkinson's "Living in the Heart of the Beast", are analysed in detail.
The band improvised much of their music, particularly during live performances, and this style of playing included free improvisation, studio improvisation to tape (for example on their 1974 album, "Unrest"), and open improvisation.
Reviewing "Henry Cow: The World Is a Problem" in the British progressive rock magazine, "Prog", Sid Smith called it an "impressively detailed account [that] chronicle[s] [Henry Cow's] triumphs and camaraderie".
He added that through their "often-turbulent existence", the band's struggle "against the prevailing tides of commerciality and popular culture ... has a heroic quality about it".
Smith wrote that if the success of a music biography is measured by the desire to revisit the group's albums, then this book is "enormously successful".
He said Piekut's "forensic examination" of Henry Cow's recordings adds another dimension to their music.
Smith concluded that the book "is a fitting tribute to Henry Cow's importance and legacy in a notable but marginalised movement of 20th-century music."
Phil Howitt wrote in the Canterbury scene magazine, "FaceLift" that while Henry Cow may not have been part of the Canterbury scene, Piekut's book can be read as "almost a parallel narrative to that of the Canterbury scene", given the number of musicians from that "genre" who either played in, or were associated with, the band.
Howitt described "The World Is a Problem" as a "definitive biography" that is "meticulously researched" leaving few stones unturned.
He said that just as Henry Cow were "an intensely serious band", this is an "intensely serious book" that requires "considerable powers of concentration and assiduousness".
Howitt found the analyses of their different types of improvisation and their political alignments "heavy going".
He also felt that the in-depth descriptions of some of the band's compositions were "somewhat unnecessary" as they would only benefit a limited audience.
What was also missing, Howett felt, was a timeline of events covering Henry Cow's history.
But overall Howett called "The World Is a Problem" "a remarkable project" that is "compelling [and] unique".
Chris Cutler, Henry Cow's drummer, described the book as a "cornucopia of invaluable information".
He said it is a well-researched and detailed account of the band, but suggested that in places, it is "best [to] read between the lines".
Because some of the band members kept more detailed records than others, their viewpoints tend to feature more prominently in the book, leaving some parts "uneven".
Cutler added that where Piekut had to interpret different people's accounts of events, it is likely that not everyone in the band will concur with his analysis.
Cutler said that "subjectivities are profoundly complex", and attempts to "unearth things that were already hidden when they were current" will be "guided by [personal] biases and interests".
Xu Yitian
Xu Yitian (; born November 1947) is a vice admiral (zhongjiang) of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.
He attained the rank of rear admiral (shaojiang) in July 1999, and was promoted to the rank of vice admiral (zhongjiang) in July 2006.
Xu was born in November 1947.
He graduated from PLA Naval University of Engineering.
After graduation, he served in the North Sea Fleet.
In December 2004, he was appointed Political Commissioner of South Sea Fleet and Deputy Political Commissioner of Guangzhou Military Region, replacing Tong Shiping.
He was Political Commissioner of National University of Defense Technology in December 2005, and held that office until July 2010.
In May 2016, he was appointed Leader of Inspection Team, Central Military Commission to the Armed Police Force.
He was a member of the 13th Standing Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
He was an alternate member of the 17th CPC Central Committee.
Joan Oxland
Joan Oxland (1920 -2009) was a Welsh artist and teacher.
Oxland was born in Cardiff and was educated at Cardiff High School for Girls.
She studied at the Cardiff School of Art and Wimbledon School of Art before training at the Institute of Education, which was then part of the University of London.
After some years teaching in both York and Cardiff, Oxland spent 1962 and 1963 studying at the Academie Julian in Paris.
She then returned to teaching as a department head at the Cardiff High School for Girls before becoming head of the design department at Llandaff College of Education, a post she held until 1972 when she taught at Llanederyrn High School in Cardiff.
From 1973 she worked as an artist and tutor for the Workers Educational Association.
During her time as a teacher, Oxland continued to paint and exhibit works, often landscapes of the French regions.
She regularly showed works at the Royal Academy in London during the 1950s and was a member of, and occasional office holder with, both the South Wales Group and the South Wales Artists Society.
Her work regularly featured in the annual "Pictures for Welsh Schools" exhibition held at the National Museum Cardiff between 1951 and 1960 and she also exhibited, on at least two occasions at the Welsh National Eisteddfod.
During her career, Oxland held a dozen solo exhibitions including at Newport Cathedral in 1964 and at the Chapter Arts Centre in Cardiff during 1974.
The Welsh Arts Council, the National Museum of Wales and both Newport and Neath galleries hold examples of her work.
Shelley Kristy Faulmann
Shelley Kristy Faulmann (born 22 April 1991) is a South African water polo player.
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships,
Furth (Oberhaching)
Furth is a part of Oberhaching, located in the Munich district of Bavaria, Germany.
It lies at a transition point over the Hachinger Bach and is first mentioned in written sources in 1172.
The district of Furth borders in the north on the Perlacher Forst, in the south on the district of Deisenhofen (Oberhaching), in the west on the district of Grünwald and in the east on the district of Taufkirchen.
Furth is well known for its excursion restaurant and beer garden Kugler Alm.
Cyclists cross the Furth area comfortably, as an asphalted, car-free route leads from Säbener Platz in Munich through the Perlacher Forest to Furth.
There you can take a break in the beer garden of the Kugler Alm, or extend the bike tour further into the Bavarian Oberland.
Furth is connected to the A 995 motorway (motorway exit 4 (Oberhaching)) and the Oberhaching-Grünwald bypass (M11).
There is also an S-Bahn stop in Furth (S3) on the Munich East–Deisenhofen railway.
Furthermore the "Sportschule Oberhaching" as well as the "Naturbad Furth" are well known in the region.
Furth is also home to the industrial park of the municipality of Oberhaching.
2019–20 Troy Trojans men's basketball team
The 2019–20 Troy Trojans men's basketball team represent Troy University in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Trojans, led by 1st-year head coach Scott Cross, play their home games at Trojan Arena in Troy, Alabama as members of the Sun Belt Conference.
The Trojans finished the 2018–19 season 12–18, 5–13 in Sun Belt play to finish in a tie for last place.
They failed to qualify for the Sun Belt Tournament.
On March 11, 2019, it was announced that head coach Phil Cunningham was relieved of his duties, ending his six year tenure with the team.
On March 26, TCU assisstant and former UT Arlington head coach Scott Cross was announced as Troy's next head coach.
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Sun Belt Conference regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Sun Belt Tournament
Source
Dietrich Kämper
Dietrich Kämper (born 1936) is a German musicologist.
Born in Melle, Niedersachsen, Kämper studied at the University of Cologne and University of Zurich with research stays in Bologna, Florence and Rome.
He received his doctorate in 1963 with a dissertation "Franz Wüllner – Leben, Wirken und kompositorisches Schaffen" at the University of Cologne, where he habilitated in musicology in 1967.
Since 1986 he was the holder of the newly established chair for musicology at the Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln.
In 1995 he was finally appointed to the University of Cologne.
His main areas of research were Renaissance music, music of the 20th century and music history of the Rhineland.
Kavish Seth
Kavish Seth is an Indian poet, singer and songwriter and an inventor Kavish has created his own Instrument called Noori.
Noori is a 14 stringed instrument shaped like a guitar, but with a wooden frame covered in goatskin to produce percussive sounds like those of a djembe.
Kavish is a graduate from IIT, Mumbai.
He has conceptualised Zubaan, a music project that aims to create platforms for collaboration between independent music artists from different corners of India.
Chapters have started in Odisha, Varanasi, Deoria, Kausani, Khetri, Nagpur/Wardha/Gadchiroli, Mumbai, Kolkata where around 30 artists have been collaborating and performing all across the mainlands.
Ramatu Baba
Ramatu Baba was a Ghanaian politician in the first republic.
She was the first female district commissioner in Ghana and the only female to have been district commissioner for the Yendi district.
She was the member of parliament for the Yendi constituency from 1965 to 1966.
Ramatu Baba was the daughter of the chief butcher of Yendi.
She was educated in schools in her home district and Achimota School in Accra.
She took up a job in the Social Welfare department at Tamale (the capital of the Northern Region) after school.
She left civil service to work as a regional woman organizer for the United Ghana Farmers' Council (UGFC), a group under the Convention People's Party (CPP).
She spent 3 years touring the entire region and her job extended to teaching the male farmers as well as the female farmers.
In 2003, she appeared before the National Reconciliation Commission requesting that her two houses and a car that were seized after the first republic government was overthrown be returned to her.
She explained that the Azu Crabbe commission had exonerated her however the then military government went on to confiscate her assets.
She further added that she sent a letter to the PNDC government about her plight and she was directed to the Confiscated Assets Committee.
The then head/chairperson of the commission Mrs. Betty Mould-Iddrisu helped her acquire her buildings in Tamale which were then being occupied by others.
The buildings were later taken back as the residents of the building also reported the case to the Confiscated Assets Committee.
She had two sons.
Cachoeirão River
The Cachoeirão River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
It is a tributary of the Aquidauana River.
Galway International Rally
The Galway Rally, Galway International Rally is an annual motorsport tarmac rallying event held in Galway, Ireland.
Promoted and organised by Galway Motor Club, the rally was first ran in 1971.
Galway Rally is the oldest International rally in Ireland.
It had hosted the European Rally Championship stage every year between 1975 and 1982.
Since 1979 Galway Rally hosts the opening stage of the Irish Tarmac Rally Championship.
The rally ran as an International event from its inception in 1971, with only few exceptions.
In 2000 and 2002 it was ran under West International Rally name.
Events did not run in 1983, 1987, 2003 and 2018.
Galway Rally boasts as the first, ever International Rally run in Ireland (1971), the first round of the European Rally Championship run in Ireland (1975), the first computer-generated result system (1975), the first round of the new Irish Tarmac Rally Championship in (1978), the first female Clerk of the Course, Bridget Brophy (1982), the youngest Clerk of the Course of an any International Rally, Mike Smith (1988).
The 2020 Corrib Oil Galway International Rally was confirmed to take place on Sunday 2nd February with a repeat of the racing format which made the previous year's event a success.
The event will be the opening round of the 2020 Irish Tarmac Rally Championship, and will run a week earlier than 2019 in order to avoid a clash with the opening British Rally Championship round, the Cambrian Rally.
The participant entry fee for the event remains same as last year at €875.
With 10 days to go, 65 entries were received.
Originally planned as two day event, it was reduced to one day, 10 stage event after a consultation with participants.
The rally hosted Round 1 of 2019 ITRC and Round 2 of 2019 ITRC Historic championships.
Craig Breen finished first overall, 14.4s ahead of Alastair Fisher.
The event was planned to go ahead in February, however, in November 2017 it was announced that the event is being cancelled due lack of "the necessary financial certainty that is required at this time".
Event organisers Galway Motor Club also quoted logistical issues as a reason for cancellation.
Rising motorsport event insurance costs has also been a contributing factor.
The event planning was counteracted by efforts to stop the rally.
Some of the local residents claimed that application for road closures was not properly dealt with.
There were very strict conditions attached to the road closure license and these mainly relate to insurance issues.
After consultation with local politicians and the Galway County Council it was ruled that the organisers have complied with all of the procedures relating to a temporary road closure, and that the event is cleared to go ahead.
Couple months after the event a High Court case against the rally organizers was brought up.
A 60-year-old retired Garda sergeant claimed that he suffered back pain and depression after an assault by spectators during the Galway Rally in 2009.
The High Court awarded €105,000 damages to the claimant.
Irish motorsport was hit with yet another increase in premiums later that year, which when passed on to competitors were to reach €800 mark per competitor per event.
Top drivers with most wins and most starts.
"(As of 2019)"
Dhakia
Dhakia ("in hindi:ढकिया") is a village in Salarpur block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128277.
Ghatpuri railway station is 7 KMs away from the village.
As per the report of 2011 Census of India, The total population of the village is 1479, where 802 are males and 677 are females.
The village is administrated by Gram Panchayat.
Muhammad Naqi Butt
Muhammad Naqi Butt (14 February 1919 – 1990) was a Pakistani weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Can Marfà Knitwear Museum
The Can Marfà Knitwear Museum (), located in Mataró (Spain).
Part of the Mataró Museum it is devoted to the knitting and hosiery industry.
It is situated in one of the three-storey warehouses of the former Marfà factory in Mataró, the most important Knitted fabric factory in Spain before 1936.
The facility has 1,800 m distributed over three floors.
The ground floor houses the history of textile industry, technology, design and fashion.
It is the area of temporary exhibitions.
The permanent exhibition presents more than one hundred industrial objects explaining the knitwear manufacturing process in Catalonia from the 18th century to present day: Machinery, tools, clothing, advertising and documents, aiming to highlight one of the most important collections of its kind in Europe.
The exhibition is arranged in seven thematic areas:
The second floor houses documentation, preservation and research areas and displays a selection of clothing items from the 1960s to the 1980s.
2020 Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C.
season
The 2020 season is Johor Darul Ta'zim Football Club's 47th season in club history and 8th season in the Malaysia Super League after rebranding their name from Johor FC.
Johor Darul Ta'zim FC won their 2019 Malaysia Super League to become the first Malaysian club to win the league titles for six consecutive seasons (2014–2019).
JDT returns to win the 2019 Malaysia Cup after defeating Kedah 3-0 at Bukit Jalil National Stadium on 2 November 2019.
JDT failed to qualify for quarter final in Malaysia FA Cup after lost with 0-1 to PKNS at third round on 17 April 2019.
Johor Darul Ta’zim (JDT) FC suffered a shocking 1-0 defeat to PJ City FC in the Malaysia Super League 2019 at the Larkin Stadium on 16 July 2019 ending their hopes of going a fulls season undefeated!
Having won a record sixth Malaysia Super League title couple of weeks back, JDT were just two matches away from repeating their 2016 feat of coasting through a full league season undefeated.
JDT have lost for the first time at the Tan Sri Dato’ Haji Hassan Yunos Stadium in Larkin since April 14, 2012 — a run that lasted for 75 matches (82, if you include their seven wins as Johor FC).
JDT had also won 28 consecutive home league matches before lost to Petaling Jaya City FC.
In Asia, JDT in the first time and to become the first Malaysian club to qualify for AFC Champions League Group Stage.
JDT create the first victory after defeating defending champions Kashima Antlers 1-0 at Tan Sri Dato' Haji Hassan Yunos Stadium on 8 May 2019.
Huang Jiaxiang
Huang Jiaxiang (; born January 1949) is a retired vice admiral (zhongjiang) of the Chinese People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN).
He attained the rank of rear admiral (shaojiang) in 2005, and was promoted to the rank of vice admiral (zhongjiang) in 2007.
Huang was born in Nanshi District, Shanghai, China in January 1949.
He was raised in Qidong, Jiangsu.
He enlisted in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in February 1968, and joined the Communist Party of China in March 1969.
He served in the 38th Group Army for a long time, where he was promoted to become Political Commissar in July 2001.
In 1976, he was appointed political instructor of the Second Company, which was founded by Peng Dehuai in .
He led the army to rescue 16 people in the 1976 Tangshan earthquake.
After the Cultural Revolution, became director of State Physical Culture and Sports Commission, Huang was appointed as secretary of its Political Department.
In December 2005 he was transferred to Guangzhou Military Region and appointed Deputy Political Commissar and Political Commissar of the South Sea Fleet, serving in the post until he retirement in July 2012.
He was a delegate to the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and a delegate to the 11th National People's Congress.
He was a member of the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Dipika Pandey Singh
Deepika Pandey Singh is an Indian politician from Jharkhand and a member of the Indian National Congress.
She was elected as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Jharkhand from Mahagama
József Gyula Hubertus Szent-Ivány
József Gyula Hubertus Szent-Ivány (3 November 1910 – 8 June 1988) was a Hungarian entomologist who specialized in the Lepidoptera.
He worked as a curator of the Hungarian National Museum from 1936 to 1945 before emigrating to Australia.
He founded the journal "Fragmenta Faunistica Hungarica" which was edited by Soós Árpád until 1948 when it was renamed as "Folia entomologica hungarica".
Szent-Ivány was born in Budapest matriculating in Rimaszombat followed by studies in Vienna, Austria before returning to Budapest.
He obtained a doctorate from the Royal Hungarian University in 1936.
He used the name Gyula Hubertus since his father József Szent-Ivány (1894–1941) came from a noble land-owning class and was a political leader in Czechoslovakia.
He was married to Mária née Lakatos (1919–2012) who also worked in the museum and was an illustrator and specimen preparator.
His father-in-law, Géza Lakatos (1890–1967), was in the Hungarian Army and later became Prime Minister of Hungary.
During the war he transferred the collections at his own expense from Budapest to Tihany.
He moved to western Europe when the Russians invaded Hungary and in the summer of 1950 he decided to emigrate to Australia.
He set up a research station in Konedoba in eastern Papua New Guinea in 1954 and worked on rearing and protection of birdwing butterflies, especially "Ornithoptera meridionalis" which was valuable among collectors.
His wife moved to Australia in 1956 along with a daughter.
Maria took an interest in Australian botany, illustrating a book on "Solanum".
He was involved in the search for the grave of Sámuel Fenichel at Stephansort in the 1970s.
Szent-Ivány published more than 87 papers of which more than half were on butterflies.
He translated "In Quest of Gorillas" (Gregory & Raven, 1937) into Hungarian in 1940.
Despite moving to Australia, he was a proud Hungarian and his ex-libris included a portrait of Lajos Bíró.
He received the Order of Australia (AM) from Queen Elizabeth II in 1985.
He was made a Fellow of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences in 1988, a few days before his death in Adelaide.
He bequeathed his library and collections to the Hungarian Museum of Natural History in Budapest.
Roger Steinmann
Roger Steinmann ([]; born November 6, 1961 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a filmmaker and entrepreneur.
Most notable is his biopic "Illusion Infinity" (aka "Paradise", 2004), starring Dee Wallace, Mickey Rooney, Timothy Bottoms, Barbara Carrera, Martin Kove, and Theresa Saldana.
At the age of eight, Steinmann borrowed his uncle’s Super-8 camera.
He shot his very first motion picture ‘Zurich’ (1969), a five minute-documentary.
When the Swiss national TV in 1974 launched a youth-film-competition based on the key-word ‘door’, Steinmann directed his first feature ‘Die Türe’ (‘The Door’, 1975).
Steinmann casted both lead roles in ‘Die Türe’ with Peter Bürgisser and André Bellmont.
A string of short features and documentaries followed.
Notably are:
‘Die Flutkatastrophe’ (‘Flood Disaster’, 1977) was labeled ‘Switzerland’s first disaster movie.
It depicts a major water dam-break what subsequently floods the metropole of Zurich.
It won numerous awards.
And, it was aired on Swiss national TV on November 4, 1978 together with a live-interview with Steinmann.
‘’ ('The Machine-Animals', 1977) is a 22-minute documentary analyzing large-scale husbandry against classic farming.
Still in his teens, Steinmann aimed to execute larger scale feature-projects based on his original screenplays.
In 1978/79, he developed the conception ‘Krebs!’ (‘Cancer!’) about the life-threatening virus in a woman’s organism, visualized by a simultaneous life-threat of the organism of an entire city by a Godzilla-like monster-crab.
In German language the title ‘Krebs!’ bears the double meaning of Cancer and Crab.
The project had huge dimensions in respect of budget but as well of, at the time, demanding special effects.
Therefore, the project stalled.
Steinmann turned to theater as well; notable are:
1982: ‘Beschti Referenze’ (aka ‘Buchhalter Noetzli’, ‘Bookkeeper Noetzli’) with Steinmann producing and directing.
1986: ‘Achtung-Fertig-Los!’ (‘Ready-Steady-Go!’) as producer and writer, with directing.
Imthurn became Steinmann’s long time partner.
1988: ‘Schelmereie’ (‘Sweet Cheating’, 1988) as a director at the theater in Oberentfelden, Switzerland.
From 1991, Steinmann lived alternatively in Los Angeles.
There, he wrote several screenplays on spec, alone but mostly in association, e.g.
'Bum and the Kid' with Scott Steindorff, outlines, e.g.
‘Love of my Life’ with Don Mankiewicz, rewrites, e.g.
‘Project: Metalbeast’.
Among Steinmann´s several projects, Illusion Infinity (aka Paradise, 2004) caught the eye of casting director Gerald I. Wolff.
He was able to engage six well known Hollywood actors: Dee Wallace, Mickey Rooney, Timothy Bottoms, Barbara Carrera, Martin Kove, and Theresa Saldana.
‘Illusion Infinity’ was labeled as biopic; however, it was an original screenplay by Steinmann about the supposed real Las Vegas singer Patricia Paradise (played by Dee Wallace) and her life-long search for a genuine soul-mate, and a home she calls ‘Shangri-La’.
In 2014, Thai film star Mike Angelo became interested to star in ‘The Partykillers’, a screwball-comedy about a humble inventor of a magical teddy-bear crashing the engagement party of a toy manufacturer.
This screenplay Steinmann wrote back in 1995/98 in collaboration with Rodney Heeringa.
But another concept of a screwball comedy fit Angelo’s talent even better: A male singer gaining success only when performing as a woman, attracting both a father and his daughter.
After Angelo agreed to star in this dual role, Steinmann originated the 2015-screenplay ‘Ladies First’.
Swiss actors Beat Schlatter and Pascal Ulli confirmed their interest to participate, the latter also as co-produce.
Our world caught up with constant (ab-)use of cell-phones: What would happen if all cells and computers became unusable?
This topic led to the 2016/2018-screenplay 'PhonY' with the unique interactivity between segments in Los Angeles, Switzerland, Australia, Thailand and Canada.
In spring 2018, the filming commenced in Switzerland with Pascal Ulli and Gilles Tschudi; it was followed by the Thai segment.
The remaining segments with Burt Reynolds and Barbara Carrera were scheduled in Los Angeles for October 2018.
Though, a mere month before, Burt Reynolds untimely passed away, and the production stalled temporarily.
It is aimed for a 2020 delivery.
In 2018, Steinmann started to film the farce-comedy "PhonY" in Switzerland and Thailand.
The Los Angeles-segment had to be canceled due to lead actor Burt Reynolds' untimely death.
In December 2019, Golden Globe winner Elke Sommer agreed to participate.
1983: Steinmann invented an automatic bottle stopper; patented in 1985.
1983: Steinmann prevailed over 73 candidates in the German TV-quiz show ‘Alles oder Nichts’ with a record-breaking TV-live-audience of 15 Mio.
1984: Steinmann founded the Rotsch AG, a joint-stock company, to market his invention.
At that time, he was 22 years old and became the youngest president ever of such an entity in Switzerland.
He sold that entity in 1996.
1995: Steinmann founded the SUNSET International AG, a joint-stock company, to produce films.
Mamta Devi
Mamta Devi is an Indian politician from Jharkhand and a member of the Indian National Congress.
She is a member of the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly from Ramgarh.
Janhavi Panwar
Janhavi Panwar (born 2003 or 2004) is a child prodigy from Haryana in India.
Nicknamed the "Wonder Girl of India", Panwar has given lectures to Indian Administrative Service officers.
At the age of 10 Janhavi was able to speak in 12 foreign accents.
Sebastian Plano
Sebastian Plano (born 1985) is an Argentinian composer, producer and multi-instrumentalist based in Berlin, Germany.
His 2019 album "Verve" has been nominated for Best New Age Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards.
He has composed the soundtrack for the video game Everything alongside Ben Lukas Boysen.
Sebastian Plano was born into a musical family in Rosario, Argentina in 1985.
He started playing cello at the age of seven before creating his own music from the age of twelve.
Lac à Mars
The lac à Mars is a fresh body of water in the watershed of the rivière à Mars North-West, the rivière à Mars and the Saguenay River.
This body of water is located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Pikauba, in the Charlevoix Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
Lac à Mars is located in the central eastern part of the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
Upstream of the port, industrial and urban area, the rivière à Mars valley is mainly served by the Consol Paper road.
The rivière à Mars North-West is served by a few other secondary forest roads for forestry and recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of the lac à March is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally made from mid-December to mid-March.
The mouth of Lac à Mars is located about northeast of the boundary of the administrative regions of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean and Capitale-Nationale.
The main watersheds near Lake Mars are:
Lac à Mars has a length of in the shape of a woman's head seen in semi-profile, a maximum width of , an altitude is and an area of .
This lake has a narrow bay stretching to the east.
It also has a narrowing to in its southern part.
A peninsula attached to the eastern shore stretching on in the shape of a hook causes another narrowing in the northern part of the lake.
The mouth of this lake is located at the bottom of a bay on the north shore, at:
From the confluence of the lac à Mars, the current descends the course of:
The place names “Rivière à Mars”, “Rivière à Mars Nord-Ouest” and “Lac à Mars” have the same origin.
The toponym "lac à Mars" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Arno Volk
Arno Volk (15 January 1914 – 7 July 1987) was a German musicologist and music publisher.
Born in Würzburg, Volk studied at the University of Cologne under Karl Gustav Fellerer in 1943 with the dissertation "Ernst Eichner.
Sein Leben und seine Bedeutung für die Entwicklung der Kammermusik und der Solokonzerte".
In 1950 he founded the Arno-Volk-Verlag in Cologne, which later merged with the .
Volk died in Ingelheim am Rhein at the age of 73.
Amba Prasad (politician)
Amba Prasad is an Indian politician from Jharkhand and a member of the Indian National Congress.
She has been elected as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Jharkhand from Barkagaon in 2019 Jharkhand Assembly Election .
She is the youngest legislature of the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly to be elected in 2019
Naushera, Budaun
Naushera ("in hindi:नौशेरा") is a village in Ujhani Tehsil and Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128284.
It is 4 KMs away from Budaun railway station.
As per the report of 2011 Census of India, The total population of the village is 3259, where 53.10 are males and 46.9% are females.
The village is administrated by Gram Panchayat.
French occupation of Thessaly
The French occupation of Thessaly took place in June 1917, during the First World War, as part of the Allied intervention in the Greek National Schism.
The chief military clash of the occupation became known as the Battle of the Flag ().
The French army occupied consecutively on June 11 - Elasson; June 12-14 - Larissa; on 13/15 June - Velestino, Volos and Trikala; on June 15/17 - Kalambaka, and on June 26 - Lamia.
The chief military confrontation of the operation occurred when the French attempted to disarm the 1/38 Evzone Regiment in Larissa, under the command of Lt.
Colonel Athanasios Frangos.
The regiment refused to obey the command to surrender its weapons, and retreated west towards the mountains.
The French launched Moroccan sipahis in pursuit of the unit, encircling it and forcing it to surrender after clashes (named "Battle of the Flag", as the Greeks carried the regimental standard with them) that claimed the lives of 59 Greek officers and soldiers, as well as seven killed and 15 wounded on the French side.
At the same time the Allies issued an ultimatum to Constantine threatening to bombard Athens.
As a result King Constantine I of Greece abdicated.
At least 200 royalist Greek MPs, municipal leaders, lawyers and doctors were introduced into a prison camp in Thessaloniki.
The Thessaloniki concentration camp was surrounded by double rows of wire mesh, and the guard was made up of Cambodian and Senegalese soldiers.
1889 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1889 Cork Senior Football Championship was the third staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Lees were the defending champions.
Midleton won the championship following a 1-00 to 0-01 defeat of Macroom in the final at Cork Park.
This was their first ever championship title.
Araruama Futebol Clube
Araruama Futebol Clube, better known as Araruama, is a club in the city of Araruama, Rio de Janeiro.The team currently plays in the Série B2.
Conceived and founded on June 2, 2016 by three medical friends from the city of Araruama who played football for fun, came the idea of creating a professional club after the departure of the last professional club in the city.
In order to occupy this gap left in the city, the three friends came together and developed the project, joining a professional club Arraial do Cabo (CEAC) with Araruama Futebol Clube.
The elaboration of a team made up of local players is a recipe for success.
For years, championship after championship, the city attracted fans who continued to support and make a healthy movement, a cause of joy and leisure for city dwellers.
The AFC comes to supply this absence and add its existence in the history of the city's sport.
At times the stories of football and the city of Araruama mix.
In the 1960s, the mayor of the city of the time was a defender of a professional team (article published by the newspaper O GLOBO).
The city has already had the honor of having as player Sinval, athlete who played for the Brazilian national team, who died in 2012, in which a tribute was paid to the player in one of the games of the state of that year.
Araruama F.C.
competes in the Campeonato Carioca Profissional de Série B2 of professionals and in the category of juniors.
1890 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1890 Cork Senior Football Championship was the fourth staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Midleton won the championship following a 2-03 to 0-02 defeat of Dromtarriffe in the final at Cork Park.
This was their second championship title in succession and their second title overall.
It remains their last championship success.
2003–04 West Midlands (Regional) League
The 2003–04 West Midlands (Regional) League season was the 104th in the history of the West Midlands (Regional) League, an English association football competition for semi-professional and amateur teams based in the West Midlands county, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and southern Staffordshire.
The Premier Division featured 19 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with two new clubs:
Also, Little Drayton Rangers changed name to Market Drayton Town and Sedgeley White Lions changed name to Coseley Town.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Sassun Mkrtchyan
Sassun Mkrtchyan (, June 10, 1989, Yerevan - April 3, 2016, Talish), was an Armenian contract serviceman of the Armenian Armed Forces, reconnaissance officer, machine-gunner and private.
Sassun Mkrthyan was born on June 10, 1989 in Yerevan, in a family originating from historical Sassun in Western Armenia.
From 1996-2006 he graduated Hayrapet Hayrapetyan basic school #78.
At the age of 10 Sassun started practicing Muay Thai.
He participated in several sport competitions and was awarded with different medals and honors.
Until the last years of his life Sassun was a member of Muay-Thai Boxing Federation of Armenia, as well as referee and broadcaster.
In 2009 Sassun entered Yerevan Institute of Forensic Examinations and Psychology and graduated in 2014.
From 2009-2011 he worked in the Court of Appeals of the Republic of Armenia as a bailiff.
Sassun was called to mandatory military service in 2007 and served in Shamshadin military unit until 2009.
In 2011 he started forking in Peacekeeping forces until 2014, when he held the position of reconnaissance officer and machine-gunner in special sub-division and in 4th special detachment of the Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Armenia.
While working at that position, he was involved in examination of operative directions, tour of duty and carrying out special missions.
He periodically traveled to Nagorno-Karabakh to carry out his military service.
In April, 2016 Sassun Mkrtchyan participated in Nagorno-Karabakh four-day war in Martakert Ministry of Defense military posts in Nagorno-Karabakh.
On April 1, 2016 Sassun returned to Yerevan after his service in Nagorno-Karabakh and on the next day, after receiving the news of tensions on the front-line, was immediately called to the front-line.
During the operation of recapturing Talish post, Sassun's machine-gun ran out of order.
He asked his comrade-in-arms to switch on the lighter and started to dismantle the machine-gun.
At that time he managed to managed take his wounded comrades-in-arms to the rear and hurried back to help his officers to recapture Talish post.
On the night of April 2–3, 2016 Sassun was heavily wounded in abdominal cavity.
He passed away on the way to the hospital.
The commemoration ceremony was held on April 4, 2016 in St. Hovhannes Mkrtich church in Yerevan Kond district.
The funerals took place on April 5, 2016.
Sassun Mkrtchyan was buried in Yerablur military pantheon with appropriate military ceremonies.
Former Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan was present at the funeral ceremony.
Sassun Mkrtchyan was posthumously awarded the Republic of Armenia medal "For Military Services" by order No 32-Ա issued in 2016 by the President of Nagorno-Karabakh.
On May 4, 2016 Sassun Mkrtchyan was posthumously awarded the Order of Military Cross, 1st degree by the decision of the president of the Republic of Armenia.։
During peacetime Sassun was awarded with merit certificates "Best soldier-serviceman" and "For high merits in the field of military readiness".
On May 13, 2016 Sassun Mkrtchyan's name was included in the list of "Eternal Soldier" of the military unit #24923.
On July 29, 2016 a memory plaque was installed in Talish military post in Nagorno-Karabakh.
On September 1, 2016 a classroom with Sassun Mrtchyan's name was opened in Hayrapet Hayrapetyan basic school #78 in Yerevan.
On March 7, 2017 a classroom with Sassun Mrtchyan's name was opened in Kakavadzor village school in Aragatsotn region, Armenia.։
One of the film series "Me or my Motherland" about fallen soldiers of the Four day war is devoted to Sassun Mkrtchyan.
"The devoted: Sassun Mkrtchyan" is also dedicated to Sassun Mkrtchyan.
Srđan Darmanović
Srđan Darmanović (born July 18, 1961 in Cetinje), is a Montenegrin politician, diplomat and professor at University of Montenegro Faculty of Political Sciences, current Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of Montenegro since was appointed by Duško Marković on 28 November 2016
Darmanović was one of the founders of the University of Montenegro Faculty of Political Sciences in 2006.
From 2010 to 2016 he served as Montenegrin ambassador to the United States.
He is an independent politician affiliated with the ruling Democratic Party of Socialists.
1895 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1895 Cork Senior Football Championship was the ninth staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Nils were the defending champions.
Fermoy won the championship following a 0-06 to 0-01 defeat of Nils in the final at Cork Park.
This was their first ever championship title.
Lac à la Catin
The Lac à la Catin is a fresh body of water in the watershed of the rivière à la Catin and the Saint-Jean River.
This body of water is located in the municipality of L'Anse-Saint-Jean, in the Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
A few secondary forest roads including R0361 (south side of the lake) provide access to the Lac à la Catin watershed; these roads connect to route 381 (north-south direction) which runs along the Ha!
Ha!
River.
These roads allow forestry and recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of Lac à la Catin is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to mid-March.
The mouth of Lac à la Catin is located about north of the boundary of the administrative regions of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean and Capitale-Nationale.
The main watersheds neighboring Lac à la Catin are:
Lac à la Catin has a length of in the shape of a cucumber star, a maximum width of , an altitude is and an area of .
Its shape is broken by two peninsulas, one of which is attached to the north shore and the other is attached to the west shore (southern part of the lake).
Its mouth is located to the northwest, at:
From the confluence of Lac à la Catin, the current follows the course of:
The toponym "Lac à la Catin" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
1898 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1898 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 12th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Dohenys were the defending champions.
Fermoy won the championship after a successful appeal against Dohenys who defeated them by 0-01 to 0-02 in the final at Cork Park.
This was their second championship title overall and their first title since 1895.
Ranjit Sitaram Pandit
Ranjit Sitaram Pandit (1893 – 14 January 1944) was an Indian barrister, Congressman, linguist and scholar from Rajkot in the Kathiawar district of India.
He is known for his role in the Indian non-cooperation movement, and for translating the Sanskrit texts "Mudrarakshasa", "Ṛtusaṃhāra" and Kalhana's "Rajatarangini" into English.
He was the husband of Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit, the son-in-law of Motilal Nehru, brother-in-law of Jawaharlal Nehru and father of Nayantara Sahgal.
Until 1926, he was a barrister in Calcutta, a position he resigned to join the Indian non-cooperation movement.
In 1930, he was the Secretary of the Peshawar Enquiry Committee, which investigated the troubles in the North West Frontier Province.
Later, he was appointed a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) of the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh (UP).
Pandit died in 1944, shortly after being released from his fourth imprisonment by the British.
Ranjit Sitaram Pandit was born in 1893, to the wealthy British-educated lawyer Sitaram Narayan Pandit, in Rajkot in the Kathiawar district of India.
His ancestors came from Bambuli village in the Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra and his family consisted of a number of lawyers and Sanskrit scholars.
Amongst his siblings was a brother, Pratap, and two sisters, Ramabai and Tarabai.
He was a linguist and spoke eleven languages, including Hindi, Persian, Bengali, English, French and German, and like his father, he studied law in England.
Prior to entering the Middle Temple, he attended Christ Church College, University of Oxford.
He had also attended the Sorbonne University and the University of Heidelberg.
He had an interest in horticulture, could play the violin and was proficient at tennis, polo, cricket, swimming and hunting.
In 1920, Mahadev Desai, a friend of Pandit's from college, recommended that Sarup Nehru, Motilal Nehru's daughter, read Pandit's article published in "Modern Review" titled "At the Feet of the Guru".
Desai was then secretary to Mahatma Gandhi, who was a family friend to the Pandits in Kathiawar.
Pandit and Sarup Nehru were subsequently introduced to each other and he proposed to her the following day, writing in one note that "I have come many miles and crossed many bridges to come to you—but in the future you and I must cross our bridges hand in hand".
On 10 May 1921, the anniversary of the Indian Rebellion of 1857, they married, upon which, she adopted the name Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit.
With the Nehrus now involved in the Indian non-cooperation movement and in boycotting British goods, the wedding was the last event in the Nehru household "approaching opulence at Anand Bhavan".
Their first daughter, Vatsala, died at the age of nine months.
Subsequently, they had three daughters; Chandralekha Mehta, Nayantara Sahgal and Rita Dar, born in 1924, 1927 and 1929 respectively.
On 1 March 1926, Pandit, together with his wife Vijaya Lakshmi, his brother-in-law Jawaharlal Nehru, sister-in-law Kamala Nehru and niece Indira, sailed to Europe on the Lloyd liner "Triestino".
He returned with Vijaya Lakshmi the following November.
Until this European trip, Pandit was a successful lawyer who practiced in what was then called Calcutta with Sir B. L. Mitter.
Against the wishes of his family in Rajkot, he became a Satyagrahi and joined Mahatma Gandhi and Motilal Nehru in the Indian non-cooperation movement and settled in Allahabad, where he took up cases in the courts.
Later, they moved to Khali, in the hills near Almora.
When the Indian National Congress's 1928 proposal for Dominion status was rejected by the British, the party took a pledge of non-cooperation and demanded "complete independence".
Vijaya Lakshmi later recorded in her autobiography, that on 29 December 1929, upon the declaration of independence by the Congress's then president Jawaharlal Nehru, Pandit joined him in the celebrations.
In 1930, Motilal Nehru appointed Pandit the Secretary of the Peshawar Enquiry Committee, to investigate troubles in the North West Frontier Province.
Its report was published by Allahabad's Law Journal Press.
In 1937, he was listed in "The Indian Annual Register" as a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) of United Provinces of Agra and Oudh (UP), to which he was elected along with Vijaya Lakshmi.
He served several prison terms, including two prison sentences with Jawaharlal Nehru, one in Naini Central Jail in 1931 and another at Dehradun.
His daughter, Nayantara, later described how she ate chocolate cake the day her father first went to prison.
She later became a writer, and associating chocolate cake with prison, wrote a book titled "Prison and Chocolate Cake".
While in prison, Pandit translated into English Kalhana's "Rajatarangini", the 12th century history of the kings of Kashmir, written in Sanskrit, and described the poem as one of "great scope, a more or less complete picture of society, in which the bloody periods of the past are delightfully relieved by delicate tales of love, by episodes of marvel and mystery and by interesting digressions which the author permits himself".
The foreword to the translation was written by Jawaharlal Nehru.
He translated from Sanskrit to English, the play "Mudrarakshasa" and in 1942 completed the translation of "Ṛtusaṃhāra".
In 1943, he was reported to have had pneumonia, pleurisy and a heart attack in Bareilly Central Jail.
Vijaya Lakshmi visited him, and later described how "it was a tremendous shock to see Ranjit brought in to the superintendant's office on a stretcher.
His head had been shaved and he was emaciated and almost unrecognisable”.
He had been arrested that year by British authorities and was serving his fourth term in prison.
He died shortly after being released.
On 18 January 1944, Nehru wrote to his daughter Indu, that he was informed that Pandit (Pupha to Indu) died in Lucknow on 14 January 1944, before the reformation of personal law which was completed after independence, leaving his widow to raise their three daughters without an inheritance.
Pandit's brother, Pratap, had frozen their assets.
Author Katherine Frank wrote in her biography of Indira Gandhi, that Pandit's death "was an unnecessary death directly attributable to the poor conditions and treatment he had received in jail.
Winston Churchill was later reported by Pandit's widow, on a visit to England after independence of India, to have said to her that “we killed your husband didn't we”.
Pandit's daughter, Nayantara, wrote in her biography of Nehru that her mother replied "no, every man lives only to his appointed hour" and Churchill replied "nobly spoken".
1899 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1899 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 13th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Fermoy were the defending champions.
Fermoy won the championship following a defeat of Nils in the final at Cork Park.
This was their third championship title overall and their second title in succession.
Rue des Petits-Champs
Rue des Petits-Champs is a street which runs through the 1st and 2nd arrondissement of Paris, France.
This one-way street, running east-west, is located between rue de la Banque and Avenue de l'Opera.
It was officially created in 1634 by orders of the king during the construction of Palais-Cardinal, it was named "rue Bautru" then "rue Neuve-des-Petits-Champs", In 1881 it was given its present name.
In 1944, the part of rue des Petits Champs which extends across Opera near the Place Vendome was renamed rue Danielle Casanova after a French Resistance fighter who died in 1943.
The street received that name because of the small fields, or the large gardens.
that used to be there (petits champs meaning small fields in French).
There is a record of a street, in the same location and under the same name in the (1273).
Rue des Petits-Champs is lined by several impressive mansions:
Metro: Line 3 (Quatre Septembre), 1 & 7 (Palais-Royal-Musée du Louvre), 7 & 14 (Pyramides)
Bus: Lines 39 (Bus Sainte-Anne - Petits Champs), 68 21 27 95 (Pyramides)
Zoran Pažin
Zoran Pažin (born 29 August 1966 in Šibenik, Croatia), is a Montenegrin jurist and politician, current Minister of Justice an Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro since was appointed by Duško Marković on 28 November 2016
Graduated in Laws by the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law, he served as judge of the Basic Court in Podgorica.
He is an independent politician affiliated with the ruling Democratic Party of Socialists.
Schoenoplectus torreyi
Schoenoplectus torreyi, common name Torrey bulrush or Torrey's bulrush, is a species of Schoenoplectus found in North America.
It is listed as endangered and extirpated in Maryland, as endangered in Indiana and Pennsylvania, as threatened in Connecticut, as presumed extirpated in Ohio, and as a special concern in Rhode Island.
Michael McMaster
Michael McMaster (11 May 1896 – 29 March 1965) was an English first-class cricketer, Royal Naval Air Service officer and businessman.
The son of the Test cricketer Emile McMaster, he was born in May 1896 at Porlock, Somerset.
He served in the First World War in the Royal Naval Air Service, being commissioned as a probationary sub-lieutenant, with his probation expiring in April 1917.
He was promoted to flight lieutenant in August 1917.
Following the war, McMaster made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy against Cambridge University at Fenner's in 1920.
He scored 13 runs in the match, in addition to taking the wicket of Gilbert Ashton in the Cambridge first-innings.
He was placed on the retired list at his own request in September 1920.
After leaving the Royal Navy, McMaster entered into the world of business, which took him to South Africa with Taylor and Ellis in Durban, before serving as the chairman of Slazenger.
He died at Brook on the Isle of Wight in March 1965.
His brother-in-law was the rugby union international Anthony Henniker-Gotley.
Mount Lyell Standard &amp; Strahan Gazette
The Mount Lyell Standard was a Queenstown based newspaper in Western Tasmania, that was contemporaneous with the Zeehan and Dundas Herald.
It operated between 1896 and 1902.
It was also known as the "Mount Lyell standard & Strahan gazette".
Editorial banners included Shakespearean quotes - such as:
It was notable for carrying material related to the early Australian politician King O'Malley.
Isamu Shiraishi
Isamu Shiraishi (born 18 December 1920) was a Japanese weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Sophie McNeill
Sophie McNeill (born 1986) is an Australian journalist, television presenter, and author.
She is best known for her work reporting from conflict zones.
In 2019, she received international recognition for her efforts documenting the asylum claim of Rahaf Mohammed.
Currently she is a reporter with the ABC's investigative program Four Corners and is a former Middle East Correspondent for ABC news; and has delivered reports from across the region including in Afghanistan, Israel, Iraq, Pakistan, Syria, Yemen, Egypt, Turkey and Gaza.
Unlikely Stories, Mostly
Unlikely Stories, Mostly is the first collection of short stories by Alasdair Gray, published in 1983.
"Unlikely Stories, Mostly" was released as a Canongate hardback in 1983; an erratum slip was inserted into the first edition that read "This slip has been inserted by mistake."
A Penguin Books paperback was issued in 1984.
"Five Letters from an Eastern Empire" was issued as a stand-alone work in 1995 as part of Penguin's '60 shilling' series.
A revised edition with the extra stories "A Unique Case" and "Inches in a Column" in thirteenth and fourteenth place, and a new postscript by Douglas Gifford, was released in 2010.
"Logopandocy" is retitled "Sir Thomas's Logopandocy", and "Prometheus" as "M. Pollard's Prometheus" in this edition.
In 2012 the entire work was included in Gray's collection "Every Short Story 1951–2012".
Like Gray's best-known work "", the book was published in the 1980s but contains work going back thirty years.
Writing in the "London Review of Books", Daniel Eilon contrasted the variable quality and experimental nature of the first seven stories with the next five, which he called the "real achievement of this work", and the final two shorter pieces.
While suggesting the collection could have benefited from some editing out of weaker material, he described "Logopandocy" as "an extraordinary feat of imaginative insight."
Theo Tait, in "The Guardian", wrote that "Unlikely Stories, Mostly" is Gray's best short-story collection, and is influenced by Kafka, Jonathan Swift, and Samuel Johnson's "Rasselas".
He considered "Five Letters From An Eastern Empire" to be the highlight of the collection.
In the "Financial Times", Angel Gurria-Quintana compared Gray's illustrations with those of William Blake.
Gray used his epigram "Work as if you were living in the early days of a better nation" in the book.
"Unlikely Stories, Mostly" won the Cheltenham Prize for Literature in 1983.
1900 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1900 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 14th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Fermoy were the defending champions.
On 20 January 1901, Fermoy won the championship following a 1-09 to 1-06 defeat of Kinsale in the final at Turners Cross.
This was their fourth championship title overall while they also became the first team to win three successive titles.
Alexandru Cosma
Alexandru Cosma (born 21 February 1926) was a Romanian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Augustyn Dziedzic
Augustyn Dziedzic (31 January 1928 – 5 May 2008) was a Polish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Pikauba
Pikauba may refer to:
Roland Magnenat
Roland Magnenat (born 9 November 1922) was a Swiss weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Pathini Penn
Pathini Penn () is a 1993 Tamil-language drama film directed by R. C. Sakthi.
The film stars Rupini, Livingston in lead roles alongside Nizhalgal Ravi and V. Gopalakrishnan portraying supporting roles.
The film's soundtrack was composed by M. S. Viswanathan.
The film which was an adaptation of novel of same name written by G. Thilakavathi IPS, was released on June 1993.
Soundtrack was composed by M. S. Viswanathan.
The film won Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Film.
Rupini won Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize for Best Actress while Pulamaipithan won Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Lyricist.
"Pathini Penn" was released on 25 June 1993.
Malini Mannath of "The Indian Express" appreciated the film citing "Sakti's sensitive handling of the subject, his carefully etched scenes, his pithy hard-hitting dialogues, and his getting the best out of his artistes makes this film engrossing".
Nicolas Vivas
Nicolas Vivas (22 September 1924 – 8 October 1999) was a Puerto Rican weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
1905 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1905 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 19th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Lees were the defending champions.
Fermoy won the championship following a defeat of Carbery Rangers in the final.
This was their fifth championship title overall and their first title since 1900.
1906 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1906 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 20th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Fermoy were the defending champions.
On 10 March 1907, Fermoy won the championship following an 0-08 to 0-00 defeat of Carbery Rangers in the final.
This was their sixth championship title overall and their second title in succession.
Josef Schuster (weightlifter)
Josef Schuster (13 December 1906 – 1996) was a German weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Amar y vivir
Amar y vivir is a Colombian telenovela produced by Fox Telecolombia that premiered on 7 January 2020 on Caracol Televisión.
The series is created by Nubia Barreto based on the 1988 telenovela of the same name written by Germán Escallón.
It stars Ana María Estupiñán, and Carlos Torres.
Irene (Ana María Estupiñán), the leading voice of the Los Milagosos group in the market place, meets the mechanic Joaquín (Carlos Torres) when he arrives in the city with just what he is wearing.
They cross their destinies while fighting for their dreams, and they will soon realize that they cannot live without each other, even though their struggle to be together will be intense and painful.
The first soundtrack of the series, titled "Amar y vivir", was released on 7 January 2020.
Pikauba (cheese)
The Pikauba is a semi-firm cheese, farmer made by hand, in the region Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean in Quebec.
It takes its name from a river, Pikauba River, that crosses the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
It is recognized by its fine orange rind and its soft, golden paste, strewn with small holes.
Medium in intensity, Pikauba has a buttery taste with fruity aromas.
It comes in 2.5 kg or 5 kg format.
Pikauba is made at Lehman cheese dairy located in Hébertville in Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean (Quebec).
The quality of the fodder plants, the freshness of the cool climate as well as the terroir of the region offer favorable conditions for cheese making.
The Lehmann Cheese Factory has been in existence since 2001.
It is from the recipe, scribbled on a piece of paper by his mother from Jura Switzerland, that Jacob Lehman makes the first cheeses.
The cheese family says that a quote from Félix Leclerc provided them with the inspiration to produce cheese:"“Our lives are like rivers; the calm is deep, the restless flow on the surface.”" The Pikauba was produced for the first time in 2005.
A novel by Gérard Bouchard is also entitled "Pikauba"a,
This semi-soft, washed rind cheese is made with thermised cow's milk.
Maturing lasts between 90 and 120 days.
Production is based on a herd of 60 Brown Swiss cows, which is said to be the oldest dairy breed.
This mountain cow is appreciated for its ability to give rich milk and a very good cheese yield.
2002–03 West Midlands (Regional) League
The 2002–03 West Midlands (Regional) League season was the 103rd in the history of the West Midlands (Regional) League, an English association football competition for semi-professional and amateur teams based in the West Midlands county, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and southern Staffordshire.
The Premier Division featured 21 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with one new club:
Also, Smethwick Rangers changed name to Smethwick Sikh Temple.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Why (Jieqiong song)
"Why" is a song by Chinese singer Zhou Jieqiong released on September 6, 2018, which marks her solo debut since her debut with Pristin in 2016.
On August 31, 2018 Pledis Entertainment confirmed that Zhou would be making her solo debut in China on September 6, 2018 with digital single "Why".
"Why" is a tropical sound, moombahton song with the lyrics talking about Zhou's confidence in being a confident woman.
Zhou had her solo debut stage in China the day after the song's release on iQiyi's "Idol Hits".
Aarne Vehkonen
Aarne Vehkonen (16 July 1927 – 29 March 2011) was a Finnish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Nils Jacobsson
Nils Jacobsson (10 February 1929 – 18 July 1982) was a Swedish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
2019 IWF Shengxin World Cup
The 2019 Shengxin IWF World Cup was held in Tianjin, China from 10 to 13 December 2019.
It was also a qualification event for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
There was 1 men's world record, and 1 women's world record set during the competition.
Jacob Nicolai Møller
Jacob Nicolai Møller, also known as Jacques-Nicolas Moeller (1777–1862) was a Norwegian scientist and philosopher of the Romantic period.
Møller was born in Porsgrund on 6 February 1777, the son of a doctor.
After studying at Copenhagen University and gaining a reputation for brilliance, he passed the Danish civil service exam and was awarded a travel bursary to pursue further studies abroad in geology and mineralogy.
For two years he and his friend Henrik Steffens studied together in Berlin and later in Freiberg, under the mineralogist Abraham Gottlob Werner.
Møller then travelled to Paris, to study under René Just Haüy and Georges Cuvier, before rejoining Steffens at the University of Jena to sit at the feet of Friedrich Schelling.
After a conversion experience during an illness, he was received into the Catholic Church in Hamburg, on 27 January 1804, the day of his marriage to Elisabeth Charlotte Alberti.
His wife's sister was married to Ludwig Tieck.
Becoming a Catholic disqualified him from public service in Denmark–Norway, so he sought academic employment in Germany.
After some time in Munster, where he was supported by Friedrich Leopold zu Stolberg-Stolberg, he taught at a Gymnasium in Nuremberg before becoming tutor to the young Prince Kinsky.
He went on to hold a number of short-lived teaching positions in Dresden, Vienna, Bonn and Dusseldorf, before being appointed "honorary professor" at the Catholic University of Leuven, in Belgium, where his son Jean Moeller was professor of history.
He taught philosophy there from 1837 to 1842.
He died in Leuven on 30 November 1862.
Møller published in the "Zeitschrift für speculative Physik" (edited by Schelling) and the "Kritische Journal der Philosophie" (co-edited by Schelling and Hegel), as well as in several other reviews, both in France and Germany.
Between 1839 and 1842 he published a series of articles on German philosophy in the "Revue de Bruxelles".
His books include:
Lon bin Mohamed Noor
Lon bin Mohamed Noor (born 1921) was a Singaporean weightlifter.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Pedro Landero
Pedro Landero (born 19 October 1913) was a Filipino weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.
The Dancer of Marrakesh
The Dancer of Marrakesh (French: La danseuse de Marrakech) is a 1949 French drama film directed by Léon Mathot and starring Yves Vincent, Katia Lova and Aimé Clariond.
It was made at the Victorine Studios in Nice with sets designed by the art director Claude Bouxin.
A French officer serving in the French protectorate in Morocco falls in love with a native dancer in Marrakesh.
A brother officer does his best to separate them.
Kim Hae-nam
Kim Hae-nam (born 23 May 1929) was a South Korean weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952, 1956, 1960 and the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Amritsar 1919
Amritsar 1919: An Empire of Fear and the Making of a Massacre (2019), is a book by Kim A. Wagner and published by Yale University Press, that aims to dispel myths surrounding the Jallianwala Bagh massacre that took place in Amritsar, India, on 13 April 1919.
In the absence of any photographs of the event and with significant differences between British and Indian accounts of how many were killed and how and why it happened, Wagner examines primary sources to trace the events leading up to the massacre and then discusses its aftermath.
According to Wagner, the background to the massacre starts with the Indian rebellion of 1857 and the subsequent British fear of a recurrence.
By 1919, Indians aspired to greater self-governance, a wish frustrated by the proposals of the Rowlatt Act.
The result was Mahatma Gandhi's Satyagraha movement, which persuaded Indians to pursue nonviolent resistance to the British.
Fearing another 1857, events in Amritsar unfolded into Indian political agitation, the arrest of two key Indian political leaders, and British panic.
Then came General Dyer's action towards a large peaceful crowd and the killings at Jallianwalla Bagh.
British authorities responded with martial law and the arrest and torture of a number of Indians in Amritsar.
Contrary to a number of widely held beliefs, Wagners research reveals an alternative number of how many were killed in the massacre, how many were found in the well and an account of why General Dyer acted as he did.
The book was released in 2019, the 100th anniversary of the massacre, and triggered responses in a number of publications including "The Hindustan Times", "The Telegraph" and the "London Review of Books".
Amongst the reviewers have been Sathnam Sanghera, Andrew Lycett, Tunku Varadarajan, Ferdinand Mount and Trevor Grundy.
"Amritsar 1919: An Empire of Fear and the Making of a Massacre" was published in 2019 by Yale University Press.
It is available in hard back, paper back and an audio version narrated by Neil Shah.
The author is Kim A. Wagner, who lectures on colonial India and the British Empire at Queen Mary, University of London.
He previously authored "" and "Thuggee".
The book has 360 pages, 26 black and white illustrations, four maps and 12 chapters preceded by an introduction and a section on acknowledgements.
Following the twelfth chapter is a conclusion and epilogue.
Wagner explains that "the Amritsar Massacre isn’t understood very well", particularly in the absence of any photographs of the 13 April 1919 and with a significant variation in British and Indian accounts of how many were killed and how and why it happened.
In his book, he examines primary sources to trace the events leading up to the massacre and discusses its aftermath.
The book begins with a scene from Richard Attenborough’s 1982 film "Gandhi", what Wagner cites as the most popular depiction of the Jallianwalla Bagh Massacre and “how many people today think of what was arguably the bloodiest massacre in the history of the British Empire”.
According to Wagner, understanding the massacre requires beginning with the Indian rebellion of 1857.
In 1919, the continuing fear of a revolution led to the proposal of the suppressive Rowlatt Act which would give the British powers to quash any political agitation, and contradicted the simultaneous British promises with the Indian National Congress to give greater involvement to Indians in government.
Mahatma Gandhi responded by proposing that all Indians oppose the Act and make a Satyagraha pledge, a promise to resist without using violence.
The subsequent call for general strikes in late March 1919 then led to the arrest of two local Indian leaders.
On 10 April 1919, upon hearing of the arrests, a crowd of Indians issued a petition for the release of their leaders.
When British officials panicked and fired in reaction to seeing the approaching crowd, riots erupted.
On that day, Wagner explained, “European civilians had been killed by Indian rioters, and white women had been attacked by brown men”, for the first time since 1857.
The British subsequently banned all future gatherings.
However, the ban was not widely acknowledged and “many either unaware of the proclamation or not believing that the British would actually resort to violence, proceeded to announce a meeting at the Jallianwala Bagh that would take place on April 13, 1919”.
The crowd at Jallianwalla Bagh was composed of mainly men and many from out of town, making up to 20,000 people, who had mostly come to celebrate a religious festival.
Speeches focussed on the Rowlatt Act, the call to release the two arrested local Indian leaders, and effects on Indians of the First World War.
In Wagner's words "on the 13th of April, 1919, there was nobody in Jallianwala Bagh who thought about independence.
They were not heroic freedom fighters.
They still had an abiding belief in the ultimate justice of the Raj, and they still thought of the British government as being the arbiter of justice".
When General Dyer arrived "he was overwhelmed by the sheer size of the gathering that he had walked in on" and assumed it was a rebellion.
Wagner explains that the British response was of "racialized fear and violent suppression".
Afterwards, there was no British help with removing the dead or medical assistance for the injured.
Instead, the British authorities imposed curfews, a crawling order and martial law and those suspected of being involved in the 10 April riots were arrested and tortured.
British censorship ensured suppression of the details of the Amritsar troubles and the massacre, until October 1919.
In July 1920, the matter was discussed in the House of Commons.
Some noted the “un-English” nature of what happened and took his actions as a "blemish on an otherwise untarnished British rule".
Others saw Dyer's actions as necessary.
Using primary sources to gather evidence, Wagner has clarified that the book aims to dispel a number of myths surrounding the events of the massacre in Amritsar on 13 April 1919.
Contrary to a number of widely held beliefs, Wagner's research reveals 500 to 600 is a more likely “plausible estimate” of the number killed at the Bagh on 13 April 1919, and that “eyewitness accounts recall only one or two bodies as having been recovered from the well inside the park”.
That number, however, he says, does not "actually change the enormity of what happened".
In 2019, coinciding with the 100th anniversary of the massacre at Jallianwalla Bagh, the book triggered responses in a number of publications including "The Spectator" by William Dalrymple, who noted that Wagner had used extensive primary sources in his research and "almost every sentence is footnoted — gets as close as we are ever likely to get to the truth of what happened in Jallianwalla Bagh.
In the process, he demolishes a large number of myths that have grown up around the event, both imperial and nationalist".
Andrew Lycett, writing in "The Telegraph", described the book as having skilfully mapped out the events.
Reporting in "The Times", Tunku Varadarajan agreed with Wagner that the book is a "a microhistory of a global event", aimed at neither those with "Raj nostalgia or Indian Nationalism".
These responses were also supported by John Newsinger.
However, Newsinger, with regards to the fear of another 1857, pointed out "one disagreement with Wagner's discussion of this is that on occasions it [the book] seems to suggest that the massacre was the result of a misunderstanding, that if the British had not been so obsessed with the events of the 1850s then the massacre might never have taken place".
Trevor Grundy recommended the book be taught at schools and colleges.
Ferdinand Mount in the "London Review of Books", noted that General Dyer's evidence is quoted at length in the book.
Both Grundy and Mount compared "Amritsar 1919" with Nick Lloyd's "The Amritsar Massacre: The Untold Story of One Fateful Day" (2011) and with Nigel Collett's "The Butcher of Amritsar" (2005).
Mount argued that Wagner had underplayed the personality of General Dyer, portraying him as "nothing exceptional ... and nothing extraordinary", instead emphasising that it was "brutality" in general that was the "driving principle of the Raj" rather than the personality of individuals.
Wagner responded to Mount's view that "Dyer and the massacre were unique" and that the massacre "was all down to the personality of one officer", by citing the other brutal incidents mentioned by Mount "in which British officers in India from 1857 onward resorted to exemplary and indiscriminate massacres", such as those ordered by Hector Munro, Frederick Cooper and General James Neill.
"Amritsar 1919" has also been reviewed along with other books revolved around the massacre, including Anita Anand's "The Patient Assassin".
Reviews also appeared in "The Hindustan Times", and other commentators have included Sathnam Sanghera.
This Too Shall Pass (Tuna album)
This Too Shall Pass () is the debut album by Israeli rapper Tuna, which released on August 6, 2015, by Israeli record label Anana.
The first single and titular track from the album "Gam Zeh Ya'avor" reached the top of Media Forest weekly chart and finished at number 16 on Israeli Annual Hebrew Song Chart.
"This Too Shall Pass" features guest appearances from Ravid Plotnik, Shlomi Saranga and Shi 360, among others.
Paul V. Malloy
Paul V. Malloy is the presiding circuit court judge for Ozaukee County, Wisconsin.
He graduated with a Batchelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee in 1981, and received his law degree from John Marshall Law School (Chicago) in 1985.
He was appointed to the bench in 2002, then elected to a full six-year term in 2003.
He was re-elected in 2009 and 2015.
His term expires in 2021.
In October 2014, Circuit Court Judge Joseph Voiland described a confrontation in which he and Molloy were standing “nearly nose to nose” and Malloy was yelling “as loud as I have heard anyone yell before.
Malloy admitted yelling but said the "nose to nose" dispute was exaggerated because there was a desk and chair between them.
In August 2015, Voiland jailed a woman after a hearing in which Voiland said he didn’t believe her, though Malloy released the woman after her attorney argued that Voiland didn’t establish any legal basis for holding her or provide for her an alternative method to seek release.
Randy Koschnick, the district judge at the time but now the director of state courts, had to intervene at times in disputes between Malloy and Voiland, including in June 2016 after Malloy ordered Court Commissioner Barry Boline not to follow orders issued by Voiland.
Voiland, speaking to a state investigator two years later, said he didn’t feel safe in his office after that and considered having security cameras installed.
In 2018, Voilland contended that the courts and county had historically failed to provide funding for the obligation to conduct home studies in child custody cases.
Unable to resolve the situation within the county, Voiland escalated his complaints to the state level.
In 2019, Malloy removed 234,000 voters from the statewide rolls, ruling that state law compelled him to do so.
The League of Women Voters, to whom Malloy refused to grant standing to intervene in the case, The Wisconsin Democracy Campaign, which was also denied standing by Malloy, has also filed suit in federal court to halt the contested purging.
Wisconsin's Attorney General Josh Kaul also file a notice of appeal to halt the purging, acting on behalf of the state's Elections Commission and requesting to stay of Malloy's order.
The issue was brought before the court by the Wisconsin Institute for Law and Liberty (WILL).
The Institute is a right-wing organization mostly supported by the Bradley Foundation, which funds such political causes.
The lawsuit demanded that the Wisconsin Election Commission respond to a "Movers Report," generated from voter data analysis produced by the Electronic Registration Information Center (ERIC), a national, non-partisan partnership funded in 2012 by the Pew Charitable Trusts.
ERIC shares voter registration information to improve the accuracy of voter rolls.
The report tagged 234,039 voters who may have moved to an address that had not yet been updated on their voter registration forms.
Despite thin evidence for removal of that extraordinary number of qualified voters, Wisconsin may be forced to comply with Malloy's order.
On January 2, 2010, WILL said it asked the circuit court to hold the Elections Commission in contempt, fining it up to $12,000 daily, until it advances Malloy’s December 17, 2019 order to purge from the voting rolls hundreds of thousands of registered voters who possibly have moved to a different address.
The case being litigated in a state appeals court, but it was thought that the conservative-dominated Wisconsin Supreme Court would be likely to hear it.
Ozaukee County is heavily Republican, having voted for a Democratic presidential candidate only once after 1936 when it voted for Lyndon Johnson in 1964.
The purge was felt to be targeting voters living in the cities of Madison, and Milwaukee, and college towns, which all exhibit Democratic voting strength.
Two of the three plaintiffs in the case heard by Malloy were significant contributors to state Republican party candidates' campaigns, including former state representative and senator, David W. Opitz.
Disenfranchisement expert Greg Palast ties the Wisconsin effort at voter purging as part of a national Republican strategy.
Barrage de Portage-des-Roches
The Portage-des-Roches dam ("Portage-des-Roches being the translation of the Montagnais" "Ashini Kushnapagan") or " Taschereau Dam" (in honor of "Louis-Alexandre Taschereau") is a dam located in the Laterrière sector of borough Chicoutimi, at Saguenay (city), Quebec, Canada.
The largest water retaining structure in Kenogami Lake, this dam constitutes the source of the Chicoutimi River, whose flow is totally dependent on it.
Portage-des-Roches is located at confluence between Chicoutimi River and the eastern end of Kénogami Reservoir.
This natural corridor carved out by glaciation is a depression located between the elevation of Lac Jean-Deschênes that of the southern valley of the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean or Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
As part of the main portage suite which links the Saguenay to Lac Saint-Jean, by Kenogami Lake and Chicoutimi River, Portage-des-Roches was borrowed by Father Jean Dequen in 1652.
In 1732, it was the surveyor Joseph-Laurent Normandin, who translated the Montagnais term "Ashini Kushnapagan" into "Portage-des-Roches".
In 2010, the Government of Quebec issued a call for tenders to improve the evacuation capacity of the spillway, raise the crest of the dam and replace wooden valves with steel valves with an independent system that can be controlled remotely.
The various works take account of the technical recommendations contained in the report of the Nicolet Commission.
The total cost of the rehabilitation project is estimated at $ 50 million.
The work must be completed in 2013.
Pramod Shetty
Pramod Shetty is an Indian actor and producer who primarily works in Kannada-language cinema, known for "Kirik Party" (2016), "Katha Sangama" (2019) and "Churikatte" (2018).
Pramod Shetty is married to Supreetha Shetty ,who is also an actress ,since 2010 and they have two children.
Matt Campbell (darts player)
Matt Campbell (born 29 September 1989) is a professional Canadian darts player from Hamilton, Ontario currently playing in the Professional Darts Corporation.
Campbell plays tournaments mainly in North America, in 2019 he won ADO Syracuse Open where he defeated Darin Young in the final.
On CDC Pro Tour he finished as the best Canadaian player and qualified for the 2020 PDC World Darts Championship .
He played Mark McGeeney of England in the first round, but he lost by three sets to one, averaging 88.33 in the match.
PDC
Lance Liotta
Lance A. Liotta (born July 12, 1947) is the Co-Director and Co-Founder of the Center for Applied Proteomics and Molecular Medicine (CAPMM) at George Mason University.
His research team was the first to propose the existence of the autocrine motility factor.
In 1985, he received the Rhoads Award (since renamed the Award for Outstanding Achievement in Cancer Research) from the American Association for Cancer Research.
In 1987, he received the National Lectureship Award from the American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
His other awards include the Warner-Lambert Parke Davis Award and the Surgeon General's Medallion.
Carlos Chávez (weightlifter)
Carlos Chávez (born 6 October 1924) was a Panamanian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Mohammad Qoli Salim Tehrani
Mohammad Reza Tarshati Tehrani (d. 1647), nicknamed Salim was an Iranian poet and one of the Persian-speaking poets of the Mughal Empire.
Elpro International School
Elpro International School, formerly known as GIIS Chinchwad, is an international school based in Pune.
It is an ISO-certified co-ed day school established in 2011.
Elpro First Steps is the pre-primary education centre of the school.
The school is managed by Hind Charity Trust (HCT).
Dr. Amrita Vohra is the Principal of Elpro International School, Pune.
Lord David Evans and Angela Ffrench are part of the school’s Advisory Board.
The school is spread across 2.57 acres of land.
The school has a playground, a library, an indoor games room, music rooms and dance rooms.
The lab facilities in the school include Composite Science Lab, Physics Lab, Chemistry Lab, Biology Lab, Maths Lab, Computer Science Lab, Home Science Lab.
Elpro International School has a campus with Wi-Fi connectivity, interactive screens, laptops, robotics, language labs, etc.
The school campus has a one-of-its-kind 3D printing lab.
Dhyanchand rooftop multi sports facility, a 18,000 sq.ft.
sports field, is present on the school’s premises where the sports festivals are held.
The school’s sports facility is used for playing sports such as cricket, football, throwball, archery, long jump, basketball, table tennis, chess and carrom.
India’s first “Teachers Tinkering Fest” was held at Elpro International school, Chinchwad in association with the Early Childhood Association of India’s PCMC chapter.
The event was held on World Science Day in 2019 to inculcate experiential learning skills in teachers at the school.
Elpro International school started the Elpro Sports Festival.
Elpro International school started the Elpro Sports Festival.
Former Indian Cricket Team Captain Kapil Dev attended the Elpro International Festival in 2019.
The ace cricketer felicitated the winners of the competitions held during the festival.
In 2019, the U-17 Girls Football team of the school made it to the Nationals by emerging as runners-up in South Zone-II at CBSE Nationals in Belagavi.
They were the only girls to represent the city at the CBSE National Football Tournament 2019-20 that was held on 9 November 2019.
The students of the school have won several awards at national and international-level competitions.
As per the Education World survey, the school received a total score of 1139.
The school had received a 100% pass percentage in the 2019 CBSE Class 12 results.
On 17 June 2019, the school was recognised as a ‘Great Place to Study’ with a felicitation at the House of Commons, London.
Principal Amrita Vohra received the award from Baroness Verma of the House of Lords.
The school was recognised for its progressive teaching-learning practices and received the recognition on the basis of the Student Satisfaction Index (SSI).
The school received an award for making it to the ‘Future 50 Schools Shaping Success’ list by Fortune India.
Henryk Skowronek
Henryk Skowronek (25 June 1923 – 26 October 1981) was a Polish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Giovanni Cocco
Giovanni Cocco (1 June 1921 – 7 January 2007) was an Italian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
2020 Italian by-elections
The 2020 Italian by-elections are called to fill seats in the Parliament that became vacant after the 2018 general elections.
In 2020, by-elections will be held in the Chamber of Deputies constituency of Rome "Trionfale", and in the Senate constituencies of Naples "San Carlo All'Arena" and Terni.
The new Italian electoral law approved in 2017 and nicknamed "Rosatellum", provides the election of members of Parliament in 232 single-member districts for the Chamber of Deputies and in 116 for the Senate of the Republic.
Whenever a seat of this kind becomes vacant, a by-election is called, and a new representative is elected.
The by-election in the constituency of "Trionfale" (Rome) will be held on 1 March 2020 to elect a deputy for the seat left vacant by Paolo Gentiloni (PD).
He was selected as the new commissioner for Economy in the Von der Leyen Commission, and resigned from the Chamber of Deputies on 2 December 2019.
The centre-left coalition nominated Roberto Gualtieri, former member of the European Parliament for the PD, and economy minister of the Conte II Cabinet.
The centre-right nominated Maurizio Leo.
The by-election in the constituency of "San Carlo all'Arena" (Naples) will be held on 23 February to elect a senator for the seat left vacant by Franco Ortolani (M5S), who died on 23 November 2019.
The Five Star Movement, in an internal vote, nominated the engineer Luigi Napolitano, former candidate at the 2019 European election, but after his nomination he was accused by Neapolitan activists of being a close friend of Luigi Di Maio during the university.
The centre-right coalition confirmed the candidacy of Salvatore Guangi (FI), currently Vice-President of the City Council of Naples and former candidate in the same constituency during the 2018 general election.
The centre-left coalition reached an agreement with DemA, the party of Naples' mayor Luigi De Magistris, by nominating the journalist Sandro Ruotolo, former candidate for Civil Revolution during the 2013 Lazio regional election (running for president) and during the 2013 general election.
Ruotolo stated that in case of victory he would seat in the Mixed Group.
The left-wing party Power to the People chose to run with Professor Giuseppe Aragno, former candidate for the same party in the same constituency during the 2018 general election.
Riccardo Guarino, president of the party "Neapolitan Renaissance", announced his intention to run for the election.
The by-election in the constituency of Terni will be held on 8 March to elect a senator for the seat left vacant by Donatella Tesei (Lega).
She was elected as the new governor of Umbria after the 2019 regional election, and resigned on 2 December from her Senate seat.
2019–20 Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks men's basketball team
The 2019–20 Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks men's basketball team represent the University of Louisiana at Monroe in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Warhawks, led by 10th-year head coach Keith Richard, play their home games at Fant–Ewing Coliseum in Monroe, Louisiana as members of the Sun Belt Conference.
The Warhawks finished the 2018–19 season 19–16, 9–9 in Sun Belt play to finish in a tie for 6th place.
In the Sun Belt Tournament, they defeated Appalachian State in the first round, Coastal Carolina in the second round, before falling to Georgia Southern in the quarterfinals.
They were invited to the CIT, where they defeated Kent State in the first round, before falling to Texas Southern in the quarterfinals.
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Sun Belt Tournament
Source
Laterrière
Laterrière may refer to:
James van Rensburg
James van Rensburg (28 June 1924 – 29 February 1996) was a South African weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Oswald Junkes
Oswald Junkes (13 June 1921 – 2 November 1993) was a German weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Douglas Street
Douglas Street may refer to:
Dongbu District
Dongbu District may refer to:
Mikko Hokka
Mikko Hokka (5 February 1932 – 18 August 1973) was a Finnish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Nippani (Vidhana Sabha constituency)
Nippani (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is one of the 224 constituencies in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly of Karnataka a south state of India.
Nippani is also part of Chikkodi Lok Sabha constituency.
Nil Tun Maung
Nil Tun Maung (born 30 September 1931) is a Burmese weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics, the 1956 Summer Olympics and the 1960 Summer Olympics.
2001–02 West Midlands (Regional) League
The 2001–02 West Midlands (Regional) League season was the 102nd in the history of the West Midlands (Regional) League, an English association football competition for semi-professional and amateur teams based in the West Midlands county, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and southern Staffordshire.
The Premier Division featured 22 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with two new clubs:
Also, Brierley Hill Town changed name to Brierley & Hagley and Warley Rangers changed name to Smethwick Rangers.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
1963–64 St. Francis Terriers men's basketball team
The 1963–64 St. Francis Terriers men's basketball team represented St. Francis College during the 1963–64 NCAA men's basketball season.
The team was coached by Daniel Lynch, who was in his sixteenth year at the helm of the St. Francis Terriers.
The team played as an independent and was not affiliated with a conference.
The Terriers played their home games at the 69th Regiment Armory in Manhattan.
The Terriers finished the season at 9–12.
!colspan=12 style="background:#0038A8; border: 2px solid #CE1126;;color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular Season
Jules Sylvain (weightlifter)
Jules Sylvain (20 December 1925 – 24 November 2016) was a Canadian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Le Palais, Beverly Hills
Le Palais also known as "The Crescent Palace," is a three-story French chateau-style limestone mega-mansion completed in 2012 by luxury real estate developer Mohamed Hadid just 15 months after breaking ground.
It is the 4th largest private residence by square footage in the Greater Los Angeles Metropolitan Area.
The nearly 45,000-square-foot home sits on a comparatively small 1 acre lot.
The estate was listed at $58 million (USD) and was purchased by the president of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev's youngest daughter Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva.
The lot is located near the Beverly Hills Hotel in the famous 90210 ZIP code.
Featuring contemporary interiors that include formal and informal dining rooms, family room with lounge bar, library with leather panels all around, 90-foot art gallery, professional screening room, ball room and indoor pool.
The third floor of the residence boasts lavish amenities that include a chandelier-adorned balcony and his-and-her-bathrooms with a hidden stairwell leading to the 3,800-square-foot garden on top of the roof.
Misteryo sa Tuwa
Misteryo sa Tuwa (English: Joyful Mystery) is a 1984 Philippine period drama and political thriller film directed by Abbo Q. Dela Cruz based on a story and screenplay by Madeleine Gallaga.
It sets in Lucban, Quezon in the 1950s where three men stole a suitcase from the plane crash site and never reported to the authorities and when the authorities approach to the town mayor to help find the suitcase, the latter made a vicious plan to steal the money for his greed.
It stars Tony Santos Sr., Johnny Delgado, Ronnie Lazaro, Amable Quiambao, Alicia Alonzo, Maria Montes, and Vangie Labalan in the film that tackles greed, corruption, and hatred.
In a peaceful village at the footsteps of Mt.
Banahaw, the people were gathered to celebrate in a joyous occasion where they have fun together.
In that day, a plane crashes at the nearby area and many people were shocked in the incident.
As they discover the remnants, many things and dead passengers were scattered all over the area but everyone saw a lot of fortune items in the area where they stole it where they escaped lives of being poor.
Om the other hand, the three men Ponsoy, Mesiong, and Jamin steal a suitcase from the plane crash where they will not to report to the authorities.
By the time the authorities knew the knowledge of the suitcase being held by three men, the mayor and his men have made a lot of necessary measures to suppress the three men and take the suitcase full of money for their personal gains.
As the film progresses, the motivations of the characters were exposed one by one as they were continued to be victimized by torture, abuse, and violence.
The film was shot in the town of Lucban, Quezon, the hometown of the director Abbo Q. Dela Cruz.
The film was released by the Experimental Cinema of the Philippines on December 25, 1984 as part of the 1984 Metro Manila Film Festival.
The film was restored by the ABS-CBN Film Restoration through the Kantana Post-Production (Thailand) Co. Ltd. and L'Immagine Ritrovata for its film prints and Wildsound Studios for its color grading and audio restoration.
The film was scanned in 4K format resolution in L'Immagine Ritrovata in Bologna, Italy using the 35mm prints from the ABS-CBN Film Archives.
The image comparison of the movie was carried out using the five (5) Positive Prints, the only existing film materials, which already showed mild to severe type of decay.
All five (5) Positive Prints have critical problems on color decay and focus problems that heavily affected the image.
The film elements have emulsion and base damages that have caused severe line scratches in the picture.
Reconstruction for the best copies that were used for each reel was tediously performed to achieve the best quality for digital restoration.
The most drastically affected reels are R3, being the only copy available and R5 due to the advanced chemical decay and focus problems.
Digital output shows the maximum level of restoration it can achieve.
The missing frames that could not be addressed in digital restoration, have also affected the motion of some shots.
Other picture defects such as dust/dirt, patches, continuous patches, single frame scratches, flicker, stabilization, splice mark, bump, squeeze, gate hair, continuous dust, continuous line scratch, stains, mold, mis-light, vertical band, and color breathing were successfully fixed and removed by the restoration artists of Kantana Post-Production (Thailand) Co., Ltd.
The 2K restoration took a total of 3,440 hours by more than 250 restoration artists.
Color grading and audio restoration was handled by Wildsound Studios.
The restored version was premiered on November 11, 2019 at the Ayala Malls Manila Bay as part of the Cinema One Originals film festival.
The premiere was attended by Vangie Labalan, film editor Jess Navarro, and the representatives of the cast and crew members of the film including Wanggo Gallaga (son of Peque and Madeleine Gallaga), Rose S. Alimon (daughter of Tony Santos Sr.), Teresita V. Dela Cruz (wife of the director), and Eduardo R. Meñez, the head of the Office of Strategic Communications and Research - Department of Foreign Affairs.
Mohssain Tabatabaie
Mohssain Tabatabaie (born 21 September 1927) was an Iranian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Ilkeston Community Hospital
Ilkeston Community Hospital is a healthcare facility at Heanor Road, Ilkeston in Derbyshire, England.
The facility has its origins in a cottage hospital established in Station Road in August 1884.
The hospital moved to a new purpose-built facility which was opened at 99-109 Heanor Road by Lord Belper in March 1894.
The hospital joined the National Health Service in 1948 and, after it became dilapidated, a new facility was built further north on the Heanor Road in 1987: the new facility was opened by Diana, Princess of Wales in December 1987.
Chay Weng Yew
Chay Weng Yew (22 February 1928 – 27 August 2004) was a Singaporean weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Payette City Hall and Courthouse
The Payette City Hall and Courthouse, at 3rd Ave. and 8th St. in Payette, Idaho, was built in 1912.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
It is a two-story brick building upon a raised foundation, built in Classical Revival style.
It is three bays wide, with bays separated by terra cotta pilasters, and four bays deep.
Its entry bay rises to a pedimented cornice.
The builder was J. Ronald Walker.
It was deemed "architecturally significant as a good local example of the Neo-Classical Revival style in Payette.
Although of modest scale and ornament, it nevertheless is one of the town's more outstanding structures and the major one in the downtown area to display Classical details and proportions.
Situated at the end of Third Avenue, Payette's main street, it dominates the streetscape in the north end, and for many years served as a symbol of civic authority.
Further contributing to the building's significance is its having functioned for a number of years as a seat of local government.
Not only did it house the city government, but after the formation of Payette County in 1917 it also contained the county government."
The city offices moved out in the 1950s and the county offices moved out in the 1970s.
1932 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1932 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 44th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Macroom were the defending champions.
On 18 September 1932, Beara won the championship following a 2-02 to 1-01 defeat of Clonakilty in the final at the Mardyke.
This was their first ever championship title while they also became the first divisional side to win the championship.
Pika River
The Rivière Pika is a freshwater tributary of the Pikauba River, flowing in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
This watercourse successively crosses the regional county municipalities of:
The upper part of the Pika River valley is accessible by route 169 (route d'Hébertville); other secondary forest roads have been developed in the sector for forestry and recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the primary economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of the Pika River is usually frozen from late November to early April, however safe circulation on the ice is generally from mid-December to late March.
Draining small lakes in the northern part of the Laurentides wildlife reserve, the Pika river, a small tributary of the left bank of the Pikauba river, flows over approximately 16.37 km from Little Pika lake and Pika Lake.
The main watersheds neighboring the Pika River are:
The Pika River rises at the mouth of Pika Lake (altitude: ).
The mouth which is on the north shore of this head lake is located at:
From the mouth of Pika Lake, the course of the Pika River flows over entirely in the forest zone, with a drop of , according to the following segments :
Raymar
Raymar is a given name.
Notable people with the name include:
Ranganna
Ranganna is a 1997 Indian Kannada language romantic action drama written and directed by H. Vasu.
The film stars Jaggesh as an auto driver, Ranga, who tries to mend the broken relationship of his uncle with the help of Roopa by reuniting him with his stubborn wife who happens to be Roopa's mother.
Vijayalakshmi plays Ranga's love interest, Roopa.
Srinath, Kavitha, Dheerendra Gopal and Loknath essayed other important roles.
Rajesh Ramanath composed the soundtrack whileJ.
G. Krishna handled the cinematography.
The film marks the first collaboration of director H. Vasu with music director Rajesh Ramanath and second collaboration with Jaggesh and producer Sa Ra Govindaraju after Bhanda Alla Bahaddur which was released in the same year.
The film received a "U certificate" from the CBFC without any cuts on 7 October 1997.
Sri Ganesh Videos acquired the video rights and released and marketed the film in VCD and DVD formats.
The soundtrack album comprises 5 songs composed by Rajesh Ramanath.
The audio rights of the film was sold to Lahari Music.
Syed Akbar Pasha Tirmizi
Syed Akbar Pasha Tirmizi () is a Pakistani translator for the English language and is a Advocate born in British India in 1944.
He is a sayyid and descendant of Ali al-Hadi.
He grew up in early Pakistan and studied to become a lawyer/advocate once he had his LL.B, he went on to earn a M.A.
He translated poems of Josh Malihabadi from urdu to English.
Syed Akbar Pasha has already translated the elegies of Josh Malihabadi from urdu into English in the form of verses under title *Unity of mankind*, besides this,he has translated in urdu the Dr Ali Shariati's books *Hajj*.
In the book "Unity of Mankind", Its translators are Syed Akbar Pasha Tirmizi M.A.,LL.B and advocate; and Syed sibt-e- Ali Tirmizi ,a student of English literature& Masooma Fatima M.a .English literature who are his son and daughter respectively.
Syed Akbar Pasha Tirmizi has also translated in the form of english verses the encomium of Josh Malihabadi *Taloo-e-Fikr* under the title *Dawn of Rationality* and has also to his credit the translation of Dr Ali Shariati's book *yes brother that is the way it was* into urdu.
He studies law and gives his salutations to the Twelve Imams.
2020 Tormenta FC season
The 2020 Tormenta FC season is the club's fifth season of existence, and their second season as a professional club.
It is their second season playing in the third tier of American soccer and their second season playing in USL League One.
As a USL League One club, Tormenta will enter the competition in the Second Round, to be played April 7–9.
Esther Grainger
Esther Margaret Grainger (1912 -1990) was a Welsh artist and teacher.
Grainger was born in Cardiff and attended the Cardiff School of Art from 1928 to 1934.
As a student she gave craft lessions to women in the local mining communities and, from 1934 to 1946, worked as a tutor for the National Council for Social Services and organised painting classes and exhibitions at the Pontypridd Settlement in south Wales.
There Grainger met Cedric Morris and, in 1942, she spent some time at his East Anglian School of Painting and Drawing.
A series of teaching posts followed for Grainger.
From 1946 to 1950 she taught at Caerphilly Girls Grammer School, then with the Cardiff Education Authority until 1960 and then, from 1960 to 1975 at Cardiff College of Education.
Throughout her teaching career, Grainger was an active artist who regularly exhibited works in Welsh venues.
As well as paintings and drawings of the Welsh landscape and buildings she also produced works of embroidery and calligraphy.
She was the co-organiser of the art exhibition at the 1950 National Eisteddfod of Wales and also exhibited at the annual Eisteddfod throughout the 1950s.
Works by Grainger featured in several touring group exhibitions organised by the Arts Council of Wales.
She was a member of, and regular exhibitor with, the South Wales Group and the Watercolour Society of Wales.
Numerious solo shows included exhibitions at the Newport Museum and Art Gallery in 1954, at the Canaletto Gallery in 1968, a retrospective at the Minories in Colchester in 1973, at the National Library of Wales in 1975, the Oriel Gallery Cardiff during 1976 and at Manor House Fine Arts, also in Cardiff in 1990.
As well as the Arts Council of Wales, the National Museum Cardiff and the University of South Wales hold examples of Graingers' artworks.
Carolyn Konheim
Carolyn Salminen Konheim (born Carolyn Irene Salminen) (1938 – 2019) was an American environmental activist and consultant, based in New York.
Konheim was born in Queens, the daughter of Carl H. Salminen and Irene Ahti Salminen.
Her father was a Brooklyn-born commercial architect.
She earned a bachelor's degree in history at Skidmore College, with further studies at Columbia University.
She taught history at White Plains High School before she married in 1962.
Konheim was a mother of young children, living in New York City, when she became concerned about the city's air quality.
She and Hazel Henderson founded Citizens for Clean Air in 1964.
Konheim served as communications director for Mayor John Lindsay's Department of Air Resources from 1967 to 1971.
From 1976 to 1977 she served on the state's Department of Environmental Conservation.
She ran the New York Scientists Committee for Public Information, providing scientific and economic talking points on environmental issues.
She chaired the Permanent Citizens’ Advisory Committee of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Her work led to changes in New York State laws regarding industrial emissions, and later to automotive emissions.
With her second husband, she worked successfully against the city's Westway scheme, citing environmental hazards.
Later Konheim and Ketcham founded Community Consulting Services, and worked as environmental-impact consultants for urban and transportation projects.
Kornheim advocated for congestion pricing, bicycle-friendly streets, and pedestrian malls.
In the 1980s, she was a consultant in support of a trash incinerator projects in Brooklyn, Pennsauken, Kenosha, and other sites, reporting that harmful by-products like dioxin could be handled with the right technology, regulation, and oversight.
In the 1990s, Konheim was president of Women for Affirmative Action, a lobbying organization representing over four thousand woman-owned businesses in the New York metropolitan area.
Konheim married twice.
She married businessman B.
Brand "Bud" Konheim in 1962; they had two sons, Eric (who died in 1991) and Alex.
The Konheims divorced in 1978.
In 1984, she married automotive engineer Brian Ketcham, who also worked on air pollution.
The couple lived in Brooklyn.
She died in 2019, after a decade with Parkinson's disease and dementia.
Rosten
Rosten is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Pika Lake
The Pika Lake is a fresh body of water constituting the main head lake of the Pika River on the watershed of the Saguenay River.
Lac Pika is located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Achouakan, in the Lac-Saint-Jean-Est Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
This lake is located in the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
This small valley is served indirectly by the route 169 and some secondary roads for the needs of forestry, recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of Lake Pika is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally made from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds near Lake Pika are:
Lake Pika has a length of in the shape of an inverted V, a width of and an altitude of .
This lake is narrowing due to a peninsula attached to the southwest shore.
This lake is mainly fed by the outlet of Lake Audubon (coming from the northwest), the outlet (coming from the West) of Lakes Pluto, Neptune de l'Arsin and Ravine, as well as the outlet of Lake Riffon ( coming from the south).
The mouth of this lake is located at:
From the mouth of Lake Pika, the current follows the course of the Pika River on consecutively, the course of the Pikauba River on north to the confluence with Kenogami Lake; it crosses this lake for north-east until dam of Portage-des-Roches; it follows the course of the Chicoutimi River on to the east, then the northeast and the course of the Saguenay River on east to Tadoussac where it merges with the Saint Lawrence estuary.
The toponym "Lac Pika" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
1933 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1933 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 45th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Beara were the defending champions.
On 15 October 1933, Beara won the championship following a 2-05 to 0-04 defeat of Clonakilty in the final at Clonakilty.
This was their second championship title overall and their second title in succession.
Anna Prysazhnuka
Anna Prysazhnuka (born 21 May 1990) is a Latvian amateur snooker and pool player.
She was runner-up at the 2017 Women's EBSA European Snooker Championship, winning the first frame of the final against Wendy Jans before losing the match 0–5.
At the 2019 European Snooker Championship, Anastasia Nechaeva beat Prysazhnuka 4–2 in the semi-final.
Prysazhnuka and Tatjana Vasiljeva were runners-up in the 2016 Ladies European Team Snooker Championship, losing 1-4 to the Russia 1 team of Anastasia Nechaeva and Daria Sirotina in the final.
Source: Kozoom
List of computer science awards
This list of computer science awards is an index to articles on notable awards related to computer science.
It includes lists of awards by the Association for Computing Machinery, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, other computer science and information science awards, and a list of computer science competitions.
The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) gives out many computer science awards, often run by one of their Special Interest Groups.
A number of awards are given by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), the IEEE Computer Society or the IEEE Information Theory Society.
Stanley Lovell
Stanley Edwin Lovell (January 26, 1927 - June 27, 2010) was a prominent businessperson and philanthropist of Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.
Stanley Lovell was the second generation owner of Lovell Drugs succeeding his father, Edwin Arthur Lovell, and brother Everett Arthur Lovell.
The Lovell family's involvement in the drug store business began in 1909 and expansion to multiple locations in Eastern Ontario followed.
Stanley Lovell joined the family business in 1947 becoming President of Lovell Drugs in 1971 until his retirement in 2000.
His children, Arthur Lovell and Diana Lovell Kirk continue to run the family business through the third generation making Lovell Drugs the oldest, independent drug store chain in Ontario.
Stanley Lovell and family have a long history of commitment to financially supporting and contributing to growth in the Oshawa community including a large charitable contribution to the Capital Campaign for the University of Ontario Institute of Technology in 2006.,
Stanley Lovell graduated from the University of Toronto in 1947.
Business:
President and CEO of Lovell Drugs 1971-2000.
Education initiatives:
Scouting:
Health Care:
Stanley Lovell was married to Wilma Curtie Down Lovell for 59 years and they have three children, Diana, Arthur, and Linda, that reside in Oshawa, Ontario.
Katia Lova
Katia Lova (1914–1994) was a Bulgarian-born French film actress.
Half-Bulgarian and half-Swiss, she settled in France in the early 1920s.
1934 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1934 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 46th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Beara were the defending champions.
On 26 August 1934, Beara won the championship following a 2-06 to 2-03 defeat of Clonakilty in the final at Castletownbere.
This was their third championship title overall and their third title in succession.
Bill Poynton
William Poynton (born 30 June 1944) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Lincoln City and Mansfield Town.
Prisoner of Japan
Prisoner of Japan is a 1942 American drama film directed by Arthur Ripley and written by Robert Chapin and Arthur Ripley.
The film stars Alan Baxter, Gertrude Michael, Ernst Deutsch, Corinna Mura, Tom Seidel and Billy Moya.
The film was released on July 22, 1942, by Producers Releasing Corporation.
Cornelius Van Hemert Engert
Cornelius Van Hemert Engert (December 31, 1887 Vienna - May 13, 1985 Washington, DC) was one of the United States “State Department's foremost experts on Middle Eastern affairs.”
Engert was born to Dutch parents in Vienna of Dutch parentage, he came to the United States as a child, settling in Ferndale, California.
He graduated from the University of California, Berkeley (B.Litt.
in 1909 and an M.Litt in 1910) and its Law School (1908-1911) and studied at Harvard before joining the diplomatic service in 1912.
Engert died at his son’s home of pneumonia at the age of 97.
While serving in Ethiopia in 1936 when Italy took over the country, Engert “was personally commended by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the United States Senate for defending his unprotected legation in Addis Ababa against bands of marauders.” He served as Consul General in Beirut in 1941 and helped negotiate the end to violence in Syria and Lebanon between Vichy France, Britain and Free French Forces.
In 1942, he was named the first Resident Minister of the United States to Afghanistan.
He stayed there until he retired in 1945 and his service was recognized by giving him the title of Ambassador.
In retirement, he worked on special missions for United Nations relief organizations, served as a World Bank representative and lectured around the world.
Proceed to Peshawar: The Story of a U.S. Navy Intelligence Mission on the Afghan Border 1943 - George Hill - Google Books
2020 Vanuatuan general election
General elections are scheduled to be held in Vanuatu on 19 March 2020.
The 52 members of Parliament are elected from eight single-member constituencies and ten multi-member constituencies (of between two and seven seats) by single non-transferable vote.
The Vanua'aku Pati launched its campaign slogan 'Lets Rebuild Vanuatu' in June 2019 and endorsed the continuation of its Kambak ("come back") policy.
In October 2019, a 'Vot Woman' campaign was launched, supporting all female candidates and calling for guaranteed 50% representation for women in parliament.
No women were elected in the 2012 or 2016 elections.
Anniversary Celebration
Anniversary Celebration is the twentieth studio album by American country music singer Randy Travis.
It was released on June 7, 2011, by Warner Bros. Records to celebrate 25 years since the release of Travis' 1986 debut album, "Storms of Life".
Gerry Graham
Gerald Wilson Graham (born 31 January 1941) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town, Peterborough United and Workington.
RTE Studio bombing
The RTE Studio bombing was a bomb attack carried out by the Ulster Loyalist paramilitary group the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) in Dublin, Ireland.
It was the first Loyalist bombing in the Republic of Ireland during The Troubles.
In March and April 1969 the UVF and Ulster Protestant Volunteers (UPV) carried out a number of sabotage bombings and blamed them on the Irish Republican Army (IRA).
The attack took place on 5 August 1969 at 1:30 am.
The blast could be heard over a wide area of Dublin city, nobody was injured.
The bomb is believed to have been planted at the rear wall of the studio building and not much structural damage was done to the building, accept for the shattering of glass panels.
Later that morning all Irish daily newspapers had front-page coverage of the blast.
This was the start of a Loyalist campaign of bombings in the Republic of Ireland that would continue until the mid 1970s, with the deadliest being the Dublin and Monaghan bombings which killed 34.
On 19 October 1969, UVF & UPV member Thomas "Tommy" McDowell was electrocuted while planting a bomb at an electricity sub-station in Ballyshannon, County Donegal.
He died of his injuries three days later.
On 24 October, the UVF claimed responsibility for both the Ballyshannon and the RTÉ bombing.
The statement read "the attempted attack was a protest against the Irish Army units still massed on the border in Co Donegal".
The statement added: "so long as the threats from Éire continue, so long will the volunteers of Ulster's people's army strike at targets in Southern Ireland".
Until then the Irish security forces believed the RTE bombing was the work of Irish republicans who had a grudge against RTE.
The UVF carried out two more bomb attacks in the Republic that year: on the Wolfe Tone memorial in Bodenstown, County Kildare on 31 October, and on 26 December on the Daniel O'Connell monument in Dublin.
Six months after the RTE bombing the UVF struck again at RTE.
On 18 February 1970 it bombed a 240-foot radio mast on Mongary Hill, near Raphoe, County Donegal, putting the transmitter out of action.
The mast had allowed RTE radio signals to be broadcast into Northern Ireland.
The UVF claimed responsibility the next day.
UVF sabotage bombings continued sporadically in the Republic throughout 1970 and 1971.
Beautiful People (Big Country song)
"Beautiful People" is a song by Scottish rock band Big Country, released in 1991 as the second and final single from their fifth studio album "No Place Like Home".
It was written by Stuart Adamson and produced by Pat Moran.
"Beautiful People" reached No.
72 on the UK Singles Chart, and No.
36 on the BBC's Heavy Metal/Rock chart.
The song's music video was directed by Roger Pomphrey and shot at Peckham, London.
Speaking to the Big Country fanzine "Inwards" in 1991, Adamson said of the song: "This is about how you can find cool things in the most fucked-up places."
Upon release, Peter Kinghorn of "Newcastle Evening Chronicle" described "Beautiful People" as a "gently rolling singalong tune" with "plinking banjo and piano".
Craig McLean of "Vox" felt the song's piano "honks and tonks agreeably".
Steve Stewart of "The Press and Journal" considered "No Place Like Home" to present "a different style of music" from Big Country.
He commented: "There is a slower, more relaxed feel to their sound, as displayed in "Beautiful People"."
In a review of one of the band's 1991 concerts, David Sinclair of "The Times" noted the song's "honky-tonk piano, mandolin and mellow sentiments".
John Peel, reviewing the single for "New Musical Express", commented: "It sounds like Mungo Jerry.
My dad would have described it as half-baked piffle and he'd have been right.
Sorry, Stuart."
In a retrospective review of the single, JT Griffith of AllMusic felt "Return to the Two Headed King" and "Fly Like An Eagle" were "unimpressive", with "Beautiful People" being "by far [the] strongest song".
Big Country
Production
Other
José Andrés Martínez
José Andrés Martínez Torres (born 7 August 1994) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Major League Soccer club Philadelphia Union.
Hocquart Lake
The lac Hocquart is a freswater body crossed by the Pika River on the watershed of the Pikauba River and the Saguenay River.
Lac Hocquart is located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Achouakan, in the Lac-Saint-Jean-Est Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
This lake is located in the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
This small valley is served indirectly by the route 169 and a few secondary routes for forestry, recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreotourism activities, in second.
The surface of Lake Hocquart is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, but safe circulation on the ice is generally made from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds near Lake Hocquart are:
Hocquart Lake is in the shape of a pallet hat, a width of and an altitude of .
This lake is mainly fed by the Pika River (coming from the west), by the Gobeil stream (coming from the east) and by the outlet (coming from the south) of Lac Larivière.
The mouth of this lake is located at:
From the mouth of Lake Hocquart, the current follows the course of the Pika River consecutively on to the north, the course of the Pikauba River on north to the confluence with Kenogami Lake; it crosses this lake on north-east to Barrage de Portage-des-Roches; the course of the Chicoutimi River on to the east, then the northeast and the course of the Saguenay River on east to Tadoussac where it merges with the Saint Lawrence estuary.
This toponym evokes the life work of Gilles Hocquart (1694-1783), born in Mortagne-au-Perche (France).
After having been controller of the port of Rochefort, he came in 1729 to settle in Quebec (city), as authorizing commissioner and interim intendant of New France, in order to replace Claude -Thomas Dupuy; he was confirmed in his functions in 1731.
In about twenty years, Gilles Hocquart advanced settlement and agriculture, notably by granting seigneuries in the region of lac Champlain and in Nouvelle-Beauce.
He ensured the completion of chemin du Roi, on the left bank of St. Lawrence River, in addition to encouraging shipbuilding, export development, industrial production at Forges du Saint-Maurice, while maintaining a fairly good balance in public finances.
Returning to France in 1748, he was first, until 1763, steward of the port of Brest and, as such, he remained in contact with the colony by helping several Acadians deported to establishing themselves in France and ensuring the fitting out of ships bound for Quebec (city) during the Seven Years' War.
Gilles Hocquart was appointed State Councilor in 1764 and, until his death, he was entrusted with the stewardship of the Navy classes.
One of his main achievements was the construction of a depot at the Intendant's palace in Quebec (city), where all of the colony's timed registers and documents are stored.
Despite the refusal of the king of France, Gilles Hocquart arranged for this place to keep the official documents of the colony in a safe place.
Several historians of French Canada emphasize that his stubbornness in front of the king would have made it possible to preserve a substantial part of the archives written in the XVIIth and XVIIIth centuries.
The toponym "Lac Hocquart" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Brian Macready
Brian Leslie Macready (25 March 1942–2017) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town and West Bromwich Albion.
Claudine at School (film)
Claudine at School (French: Claudine à l'école) is a 1937 French comedy film directed by Serge de Poligny and starring Max Dearly, Pierre Brasseur and Suzet Maïs.
It is an adaptation of the 1900 novel of the same title by Colette.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Jacques Krauss.
Alok Kumar Chaurasiya
Alok Kumar Chaurasiya is an Indian politician and an MLA elected from Daltanganj block of Jharkhand state as a member of Bharatiya Janata Party 2019.
A Rubber Band Christmas
A Rubber Band Christmas is a 1996 instrumental Christmas novelty album featuring traditional and popular Christmas songs played entirely on rubber bands, staplers and other office equipment.
The album is noted for its comic effects and has been described as one of the "weirdest" and most novel releases of its type.
The album came about when two artists, Jeff St. Pierre and Philip Antoniades, found themselves bored one evening at the office and began creating Christmas music out of rubber bands, staplers, tape and other office supplies to hand.
After entertaining themselves through the night with this diversion, they forwarded the results as a "seasonal thank you" to friends and associates.
The recording was sufficiently well received that Artist Development Associates of Framingham, Massachusetts, decided to release it as a CD, under the title "A Rubber Band Christmas", with St. Pierre and Antoniades going by the name "The Rubberband Band".
The CD was re-released on October 24, 2000.
The album's fourteen tracks typically feature a rubber band twanging out the melody, while a ruler struck at different lengths adds a bass accompaniment.
Rhythm is sometimes supplied through the use of "quickly-yanked frosty tape".
The tracks featured are a selection of traditional and popular Christmas carols and ballads, with the word "rubber" substituted at some point in the title, yielding names such as "Rubber Bells" (for Jingle Bells), "Rudolph the Rubber-nosed Reindeer" (Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer) and "Feliz Rubberdad" (Feliz Navidad) etc.
"AllMusic" states that in spite of the unusual instrumentation, the tracks are "still recognizable as—and a whole lot sillier than—the original carols."
The reviewer concludes that while the 14 tracks "may be too much of a good thing", the release constitutes "easily the most novel holiday novelty album in a long while.
It must be heard to be believed."
Scott Frampton of "CMJ New Music Monthly" wrote that the album would have strong appeal to "aficionados of the pop-culturally weird".
Kyle Brown of "Rubber and Plastic News" wrote that "The snaps and twangs aren't always pitch-perfect, but a lot of spirit comes through.
Even the off notes sometimes sound catchy in new and interesting ways."
Canadian broadcaster and columnist MC Gilles included the album at number three in a list of his five top Christmas novelty albums, describing it as "unbearable, but nice."
Brian Boyd of the "Irish Times" included the album at number four on a list of "5 weirdest albums of all time", describing it as "a unique listening experience ...
Criminally out of print, it can only be listened to in [short] intervals" but "you sort of want it in your collection all the same."
Tracks from the album have been featured on both the BBC and on the ABC's Radio National websites, the latter in a "Christmas surprise cracker."
Tarek Eltayeb
Tarek Eltayeb (born 1959) is an Egyptian-Sudanese writer.
He was born to Sudanese parents in Cairo.
He has been a resident of Vienna since 1984, where he studied at the Vienna University of Economics.
He now teaches at university level.
As a writer, he has published novels, short story collections, volumes of poetry, and drama.
He has been anthologized widely and his books have been translated into numerous European languages.
His poems have appeared in different languages in various literary anthologies, magazines, and journals worldwide.
Jordan Oguntayo
Jordan Oguntayo (born 8 January 2009) is an English-Nigerian child model famous for casting as a fashion model for Calvin Klein, Burberry,Tommy Hilfiger, Ted Baker,Zara,Mango,and Marks & Spencer.
He was also cast in an video advertisement for Volkswagen.
Oguntayo was born on 8 January 2009 in the United Kingdom to a British mother Margaret Adeoye and his father Temitope Oguntayo.
His sister, Agnes Oguntayo, is also a fashion model.
He started his modeling career in July 2017, and did his first work for Burberry.
Later he worked for the German automotive company Volkswagen, for which he was cast in a advertisement shoot.
In 2018, he modeled for several worldwide fashion designers and companies, including Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Mango, Marks & Spencer, Primark, and Amazon.
He was also appeared in the London Fashion Week.
He also appeared on covers of several fashion magazines, including MilK Magazine.
Isabelle Jonckheere
Isabelle Jonckheere is a Belgian amateur snooker player.
She was runner-up to Wendy Jans at the 2006 EBSA European Snooker Championship for women.
She has won the Belgian national women's snooker title three times, in 2005, 2006 and 2011.
Harry Middleton (footballer, born 1937)
Henry Middleton (born 18 March 1937) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town, Portsmouth, Scunthorpe United, Shrewsbury Town, Walsall and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
2019 World Para Athletics Championships – Men's 5000 metres
The men's 5000 metres at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships was held in Dubai on 13 November (T54) and 14 November 2019 (T11 and T13).
Senator Kyle
Senator Kyle may refer to:
Fadi Zaghmout
Fadi Zaghmout is a Jordanian writer and blogger.
He is best known for his debut novel "Aroos Amman" (2012) which was translated into English by Ruth Kemp.
2020 Burkinabé general election
General elections are scheduled to be held in Burkina Faso in November 2020 to elect the President and National Assembly.
The President is elected using the two-round system; if no candidate receives a majority of the vote in the first round, a second round will be held.
The 127 members of the National Assmebly are elected by proportional representation; 111 are elected from 45 multi-member constituencies with between two and nine seats, with 16 elected from a single nationwide constituency.
In February 2019 former Prime Minister Kadré Désiré Ouédraogo announced that he would contest the presidential elections.
Hocquart
Hocquart may refer to:
1927 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1927 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 39th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Macroom entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 23 October 1927, University College Cork won the championship following a 3-03 to 1-00 defeat of Macroom in the final at the Cork Athletic Grounds.
This was their second championship title overall and their first title since 1920.
Angélica Vázquez
Angélica María Vázquez Godoy (born 14 December 1990) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Libertad/Limpeño.
She has been a member of the Paraguay women's national team.
Vázquez played for Paraguay at senior level in two Copa América Femenina editions (2010 and 2014).
"Scores and results list Paraguay's goal tally first"
Abu Bakr Khaal
Abu Bakr Hamid Khaal is an Eritrean writer.
He is best known for his 2008 novel "African Titanics" which was translated into English by Charis Bredin.
He has written a couple of other books, e.g.
"The Scent of Arms" and "Barkantiyya: Land of the Wise Woman".
A member of the Eritrean Liberation Front who fought against the Ethiopian government, Khaal also lived in Libya for many years before moving to Denmark.
Peter Kerr (footballer, born 1943)
Peter Kerr (born 25 September 1943) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Reading.
Philip William Skinner Miles
Philip William Skinner Miles (1816 – 1 October 1881), sometimes spelled Skynner Miles, was a British Conservative politician.
He was the son of Member of Parliament (MP) Philip John Miles and Clarissa née Peach.
Miles was elected a Conservative MP for Bristol at the 1837 general election and held the seat until 1852 when he did not seek re-election.
Miles was appointed High Sheriff of Gloucestershire for 1863.
He was Chairman of the Port and Pier Railway Company.
In 1846 Miles married Pamela Adelaide Napier (1823-1910), daughter of Lieutenant-General Sir William Francis Patrick Napier and Caroline Amelia Fox.
They had one child, Philip Napier Miles (1865–1935).
Miles died on 1 October 1881 at Kings Weston House aged 65.
Priyanka Nalkari
Priyanka nalkari better known as Priyanka is an Indian film television actress and anchor who worked in many Telugu and Tamil films in a guest role.
She is now playing lead role in Roja serial.
She is one of the leading actresses in the television.
Nalkari is an Indian film and television actress native to Hyderabad.
In 2010, she debuted in the Telugu film "Andari Bandhuvaya" directed by Chandra Siddhartha.
"Kanchana 3" (2019) is the first featured Kollywood film of Priyanka Nalkari.
In 2018, she came to limelight after her portrayal in the Tamil serial "Roja".
Previously, she featured in the Telugu serial "Meghamala" which was aired on ETV Telugu.
She has also featured in the comedy reality show Anubhavinchu Raja.
Nalkari predominantly worked in telugu film's and some tamil films.
Joseph Verrengia
Joseph Verrengia (born February 9, 1964) is an American politician who has served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 20th district since 2011.
Pablo Vázquez
Pablo Vázquez may refer to:
2010–11 Scottish Men's National League season
The 2010–11 season was the 42nd campaign of the Scottish Men's National League, the national basketball league of Scotland.
The season featured 10 teams, including four new teams from the previous season; Stirling Knights, Dunfermline Reign, Glasgow University and the second team of BBL side Glasgow Rocks joined the league.
City of Edinburgh Kings won their 8th league title.
The line-up for the 2010-2011 season features the following teams:
Final
Timeline of the Syrian Civil War (September–December 2019)
The following is a timeline of the Syrian Civil War from September–December 2019.
Information about aggregated casualty counts is found at Casualties of the Syrian Civil War.
In October 2019, Turkey launched Operation Peace Spring amid a U.S. withdrawal.
In response to the Turkish offensive, Russia arranged for negotiations between the Syrian government in Damascus and the Kurdish-led forces.
Russia also negotiated a renewal of a cease-fire between Kurds and Turkey that was about to expire.
The US withdrawal caused major policy debate amongst US officials.
Some officials asserted that they had advised the Kurds for some time to reach some understanding with Turkey.
“We did not give a military guarantee to the Kurds against Turkey...” said James Jeffrey at a hearing on Oct. 22.
“In fact, much of our conversations with the Kurds [was] that you had to find some kind of political accommodation with Turkey because you couldn’t count on us to keep the Turks out militarily.”
Amid the Turkish offensive and U.S. withdrawal, Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) commander-in-chief Mazloum Abdi announced that they were ready to partner with Russia and Bashar al-Assad's Syrian government, stating that "... if we have to choose between compromises and the genocide of our people, we will surely choose life for our people."
According to Syrian Kurdish officials, the deal allowed Syrian government forces to take over security in some border areas, but their own administration would maintain control of local institutions.
Syrian troops entered some key towns in northeastern Syria, including Manbij, Tell Tamer, Kobanî, and Ayn Issa, and took up position in some areas to oppose Turkish troops that were threatening various Kurdish forces.
The developments led to Kurdish concern that the independence of their declared Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria (NES) in Rojava might be severely curtailed.
On 15 October, Russian forces began patrolling along the contact line between Turkish and Syrian government forces in northeast Syria, filling the security vacuum created by the sudden U.S. withdrawal.
Video footage showed Russian soldiers and journalists touring a base that the U.S. left behind.
Alexander Lavrentiev, Russia's special envoy on Syria, warned that the Turkish offensive into Syria was unacceptable and stated that Russia was seeking to prevent conflict between Turkish and Syrian troops.
Russia and Turkey made an agreement via the Sochi Agreement of 2019 to set up a Second Northern Syria Buffer Zone.
Syrian President Assad expressed full support for the deal, as various terms of the agreement also applied to the Syrian government.
Following the creation of the Second Northern Syria Buffer Zone the SDF stated that it was ready to merge with the Syrian Army if when a political settlement between the Syrian government and the SDF is achieved.
The Syrian Democratic Council said it was ready to have positive discussions with the Assad government.
They said their focus would shift to stopping the Turkish invasion.
On 30 October, the recently-negotiated Syrian Constitutional Committee held its inaugural meeting.
In November 2019, refugees in Northeast Syria reported they had received no help from international aid organizations.
On 20 November 2019, a new Syrian Constitutional Committee, with about 150 members, began discussing a new settlement and to draft a new constitution for Syria.
The committee includes representatives of the Syrian government, opposition groups, and countries serving as guarantors of the process such as Russia.
However, this committee has faced strong opposition from the Syrian government.
50 of the committee members represent the Assad government, and 50 members represent the opposition.
The committee began working in November 2019 in Geneva, under UN auspices.
However, the Syrian government delegation left on the second day of the process.
On 24 November, pro-government forces launched a new Idlib offensive, the largest offensive by the Syrian government in Idlib in more than three months.
Russia and Syria escalated their attacks against rebel forces in Idlib.
This was criticized by the United States and U.S. President Donald Trump issued a warning against violence against civilians in Idlib.
A new international issue emerged when Syrian forces reached the area of various Turkish outposts, and Erdogan said that Turkish forces would not withdraw from any position.
Syrian troops closed in on the town of Maaret al-Numan.
On December 30, 2019, the US launched air strikes in Syria against rebel groups allied with Iran.
It appeared that Turkey was withdrawing all of its forces away from the al-Shirkark silos, which hold important supplies of wheat, this seemed to be a result of Russian mediation.
However, some reports said they later returned to re-occupy that area.
Russia said it would pledge to remove Turkish forces from a key highway in northern Syria, and replace them with Russian forces to maintain stability.
Russian and Turkish forces are continuing their joint patrols.
Questions remained about how much control Turkey has over its proxies, such as the Free Syrian Army.
Turkey has begun to appoint local mayors and governors in several northern Syrian towns.
They have also appointed about 4,000 police officers and other local officials, and are providing some basic local services for citizens.
There are some reports that Turkey has become more involved with local infrastructure in areas that it controls.
Some local schools have been provided with some teachers and curriculum components.
Erdogan said that Turkey expects to resettle about 1 million refugees in that a rea, and called for more support from the EU and from world organizations.
Some protesters in Syria blamed Turkey for the latest Syrian attacks on Idlib.
They claim that the rebel groups posted near Idlib are largely akin to mercenary groups answering to Turkey.
It is unclear whether there is strong evidence for this allegation.
Meanwhile, as Turkey considers sending some elements of these groups to Libya, it heightens such allegations.
A major statement from NGO ACT Alliance found that millions of Syrian refugees remain displaced in countries around Syria.
this includes around 1.5 million refugees in Lebanon.
Also the report found that refugees in camps in north-eastern Syria have tripled this year.
The UNHCR has also been tracking data on refugees, and maintains an official website to do so.
Numerous refugees remain in local refugee camps.
Conditions there are reported to be severe, especially with winter approaching.
4,000 people are housed at the Washokani Camp.
No organizations are assisting them other than the Kurdish Red Cross.
Numerous camp residents have called for assistance from international groups.
Over 120,000 refugees were reported fleeing Idlib governorate.
In December 2019, Erdogan stated that Syrian bombing of Idlib had caused new waves of refugees to enter Turkey,also stated that Turkey could not handle this new influx, and that this influx would be "be "felt by all European countries".
The UN said 235,0000 refugees have fled the area.
Turkey is reaching out to Russia to try to mitigate the situation.
Erdogan said he would ask for Russia's help in limiting the new wave of refugees.
The Syrian Army is continuing to attack, with Russian air support.
Erdogan said that Turkey expects to resettle about 1 million refugees in the "buffer zone" that it controls.
Erdogan claimed that Turkey had spent billions on approximately five million refugees now being housed in Turkey; and called for more funding from wealthier nations and from the EU.
This plan raised concerns among Kurds about displacement of existing communities and groups in that area.
SDF Commander Mazlum Abdi called on the US and Russia to help stop Turkey from displacing entire communities and ethnic groups from the areas that it controls.
Erdogan stated that Turkey was ready to resettle the Syrian refugees in the northern area that Turkey had invaded, and that Turkey would pay for it if necessary.
On 9 December 2019, various local accounts indicated that Turkey was moving Syrian refugees into its zone of operations in Northern Syria for the first time.
Erdogan said that Turkey was working to settle one million people in the cities of Tal Abyad and Ras Al-Ain in northern Syria.
This has led to fears of population change Erdogan claimed that Turkey had spent billions on approximately five million refugees now being housed in Turkey; and also asserted that wealthier nations had done little to address the situation.
This issue caused discussion in Turkish society.
In December 2019, Erdogan stated that Syrian bombing of Idlib had caused new waves of refugees to enter Turkey.
Erdogan stated that Turkey could not handle this new influx, and that this influx would be "be "felt by all European countries".
On December 30, 2019, over 50 Syrian refugees, including 27 children, were welcomed in Ireland, where they started afresh in their new temporary homes at the Mosney Accommodation Centre in Co Meath.
The migrant refugees were pre-interviewed by Irish officials under the Irish Refugee Protection Programme (IRPP).
As of December 2019, a diplomatic dispute is occurring at the UN over re-authorization of cross-border aid for refugees.
China and Russia oppose the draft resolution that seeks to re-authorize crossing points in Turkey, Iraq, and Jordan; China and Russia, as allies of Assad, seek to close the two crossing points in Iraq and Jordan, and to leave only the two crossing points in Turkey active.
All of the ten individuals representing the non-permanent members of the Security Council stood in the corridor outside of the chamber speaking to the press to state that all four crossing points are crucial and must be renewed.
United Nations official Mark Lowcock is asking the UN to re-authorize cross-border aid to enable aid to continue to reach refugees in Syria.
He says there is no other way to deliver the aid that is needed.
He noted that four million refugees out of the over eleven million refugees who need assistance are being reached through four specific international crossing points.
Lowcock serves as the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator and the Head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.<ref name="UN VOA 12/2019">Margaret Besheer (18 December 2019), "UN: Ability to Get Lifesaving Aid to 4 Million Syrians at Risk".</ref>
Russia, aided by China's support, has vetoed the resolution to retain all four border crossings.
An alternate resolution also did not pass.
The US strongly criticized the vetoes and opposition by Russia and China.
The US Ambassador to the UN, Kelly Craft, said this opposition to these crossings would be "disastrous."
An official statement by the US Government on the State Department website stated this veto was "shameful."
Erdogan said that Turkey expects to resettle about 1 million refugees in the "buffer zone" that it controls.
Erdogan claimed that Turkey had spent billions on approximately five million refugees now being housed in Turkey; and called for more funding from wealthier nations and from the EU.
This plan raised concerns among Kurds about displacement of existing communities and groups in that area.
Russia is taking a leading role in assisting with efforts to rebuild infrastructure in Syria.
In addition to efforts by the Russian government, several Russian companies have begun to take leading roles in economic rebuilding projects as well.
In general positive negotiations have increased between Syria and Turkey, and between Syria and Kurdish groups.
On the ground, Turkish areas of operations had been delineated by Russian mediators.
Russian military officials forged agreements between Syria, Turkey and Kurds for areas to be patrolled by each side.
Russia handles security through its own forces deployed in some key towns.
On 9 December, Russian troops entered Raqqa and began distributing humanitarian aid.
As a result of the Turkish incursion, multiple Kurdish groups that were once rivals have begun to seek greater unity.
Additionally, Syrian Kurdish officials have had some positive discussions with the Assad government, and with local countries such as Saudi Arabia, UAE and Jordan.
Various Kurdish faction that were historical rivals began to meet in order to work together more.
Their stated reason was to stand together against Russia and Turkey more strongly if needed.
The Russian government has informed the Kurdish factions that they should reconcile and come up with a unified set of demands to clarify to Russia.
Various Kurdish factions blamed each other and their council for lack of progress.
The national Syrian government sent representatives to northeast Syria to meet with local groups there in order to address their concerns and to emphasize unity and combined effort to address problems.
A meeting occurred in Qamishli city, in northeast Syria, that included Syrian national officials, and delegates from Kurdish, Arab, and Syrian figures and forces.
Kurdish delegates emphasized their desire to help to protect Syria as a whole.
They expressed willingness to have positive discussions with the Assad government.
Some reports indicated that meetings between officials of the Assad government and leaders of local political factions went well, and all parties agreed on common goals to improve Syrian society as a whole.
The SDF has shown some reluctance to integrate into the Syrian National Army as requested by the Assad government, though.
Luqman Ehmê, spokesman for the North East Syria Autonomous Administration, said that his organization was ready for positive discussions with the Syrian regime.
SDF General Commander Mazlum Abdi has met with local leaders of the Wise Committee, which is composed of leaders of local communities and local family groupings.
This meeting emphasized the importance on national unity, and the need to stand against Turkish invaders.
The M4 road to Aleppo was set to reopen, based on an agreement mediated by Russia with Turkey, Turkey's allies in Syria, and the SDF.
It was reported that the Russian and Turkish armies had made a deal whereby electricity would be supplied to Tal Abyad by Russia's allies, the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) who now support Assad; while water would be supplied by the Alouk water station that is controlled by Turkish forces.
This deal was mainly facilitated by Russian military officials.
On 12 December 2019, U.S. Defense Secretary Mark Esper said that Turkey's northern buffer zone had now "stabilized" the situation in northern Syria.
At a panel discussion on the conflict in December 2019, several experts said the conflict was slowly moving towards resolution.
One expert said that the "Astana" diplomatic process, involving Turkey, Russia, and Iran, was having some positive results.
Experts also said that Bashar Assad had made progress in restoring rule by local councils in areas affected by the conflict.
In December 2019, the EU held an international conference which condemned any suppression of the Kurds, and called for the self-declared Automnomous Administration in Rojava to be preserved and to be reflected in any new Syrian Constitution.
The Kurds are concerned that the independence of their declared Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria (NES) in Rojava might be severely curtailed.
The United States announced it will pass major new sanctions against Syria and Russia, as well as Iran, reportedly due to alleged war crimes committed during the civil war.
The US Congress has enacted punitive sanctions on the Syrian government for its actions during the Civil War.
These sanctions would penalize any entities lending support to the Syrian government, and any companies operating in Syria.
US President Donald Trump tried to protect the Turkish President Erdogan from the effect of such sanctions.
Some activists welcomed this legislation.
Some critics noted that these punitive sanctions are likely to backfire or have unintended consequences; i.e., instead of impeding or curtailing the Syrian government, it will increase its authority, as ordinary Syrian people will now have less economic resources due to these sanctions, and will need to rely on the Syrian government and its economic allies and projects even more.
Critics said that such economic sanctions have little realistic chance of promoting real reform and democracy; their impact on the political ruling class will be limited, while they will likely affect ordinary Syrians disproportionately.
Mohammed al-Abdallah, Executive Director of Syria Justice and Accountability Center (SJAC), said that the sanctions will likely hurt ordinary Syrian people, saying, “it is an almost unsolvable unfeasible equation.
If they are imposed, they will indirectly harm the Syrian people, and if they are lifted, they will indirectly revive the Syrian regime;” he attributed the sanctions to “political considerations, as the United States does not have weapons and tools in the Syrian file, and sanctions are its only means.”
Peter Ford, the former UK Ambassador to Syria, said "...going forward, we’re seeing more economic warfare.
It seems that the US, having failed to change the regime in Syria by military force or by proxies, is tightening the economic screws and the main reason why the US is keeping hold of the production facilities in eastern Syria.
So, the economic situation is becoming more and more serious and dire in Syria and it’s a major reason why refugees are not going back.”
In the Kurdish-led Autonomous Administration in Northern and Eastern Syrian (NES) of Rojava, Kurdish opposition parties have refused to re-open their offices.
they have cited a lack of trust in the regional government of Rojava.
Meanwhile, officials of the NES held meetings with local Arab leaders, who stated that Kurdish forces are unfairly detaining women and children from their communities.
At the NATO summit in London in December 2019, President Emmanuel Macron of France highlighted major differences with Turkey over the definition of terrorism, and said there was little chance this aspect of the conflict could be resolved positively.
Macron criticized Turkey strongly for fighting against groups who had been allied with France and the West in fighting terrorism.
Numerous issues in resolving the conflict emerged at the NATO summit in London.
Turkey proposed a safe zone where Syrian refugees could be relocated, but this idea did not receive support from all parties.
Prior to the NATO Summit, there was a meeting at 10 Downing Street of the leaders of France, the UK, Germany and Turkey.
One key point that emerged that the Western countries insisted that refugees could only be relocated voluntarily.
Meanwhile, there were concerns in NATO about Turkey's growing closeness with Russia.
Erdogan claimed that a four-way summit on Syria was scheduled to occur in Turkey in February 2020, to include Turkey, Germany, the UK and France.
At a meeting in Damascus, Russian and Syrian officials clearly stated their support for Syria regaining control over all of its territory.
The United Arab Emirates also expressed official support for Assad.
A new round of meetings for the Astana summit process took place in the Kazakh capital Nur Sultan.
The meeting includes Russia, Syria, Turkey and Iran.
At this meeting Russia, stated that the "safe zone" established by Turkey should not be expanded, as this would not accomplish anything positive for the region.
The Astana process was created by Turkey, Iran and Russia in order to find a lasting solution to the conflict.
they have examined a process to reform the constitution of Syria via the newly-formed Syrian Constitutional Committee.
The parties reported that they reached some important understandings at this meeting, including affirming a commitment to work together to respect Syrian territorial integrity.
The United States has boycotted this process.
At the Astana Process meeting in December 2019, a UN official stated that in order for the third round of talks to proceed, co-chairs from the Assad regime and the opposition need to agree on an agenda.
The committee has two co-chairs, Ahmad Kuzbari representing the Assad regime, and Hadi Albahra from the opposition.
It is unclear if the third round of talks will proceed on a firm schedule, until the Assad regime provides its assent to participate.
The Arab League has offered to allow Syria to rejoin as a member.
They have stipulated two pre-conditions for doing so; firstly, that Syria distance itself from Iran, and, secondly that Syria implement UN Security Council resolution 2254, which calls for the a process to reform the Syrian Constitution, and then to hold an election to end the Syrian conflict.
1990 Citibank Open
The 1990 Citibank Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Itaparica, Brazil that was part of the 1990 ATP Tour.
It was the fifth and last edition of the tournament and took place from 5 November through 11 November 1990.
Fifth-seeded Mats Wilander, who entered on a wildcard, won the singles title.
Mats Wilander defeated Marcelo Filippini 6–1, 6–2
Mauro Menezes / Fernando Roese defeated Tomás Carbonell / Marcos Aurelio Gorriz 7–6, 7–5
Otaman 6x6
The Otaman 6x6 is a armoured fighting vehicle produced by the ukraine manufacturer NGO Practika and presented for the first time at the Indian Defexpo in 2016, followed by the Otaman 8x8 in the Arms and Security Exhibition held in Kiev in 2017.
This AFV can also be used as a APC ( armored personnel carrier ), IFV ( infantry fighting vehicles ) and also an ambulance.
The Otaman 6x6 is based on the BTR-60 APC.
It is powered by a single 320 hp and has a torque of 1250 N⋅m.
It has a length of 6,7 meters and it weighs 16 tons.
It can carry 3 members of the crew(commander, driver and gunner) and 10 army personnel.
It is mainly produced for the ukrainian army but also for the export.
It is a very agile APC such as the BTR-80 but with more firepower, thanks to the 122 mm howitzer that he has as the primary armament.
This deadly gun has an operational range of about 10–15 km max and can also heavily damage tanks while moving with precision, that's why it's also used as a Tank destroyer.
It is armed with a russian 122 mm self-propelled 2A18 howitzer as the primary weapon, as the secondary weapon instead has a 30mm ZTM-1 (2A72) cannon with 400 rounds or a 14,5 mm heavy machine gun.
But as the primary weapon can also be used a remote control gun.
Apica River
The Apica River is a freshwater tributary of the Pikauba River, flowing in the unorganized territory of Lac-Ministuk, in the Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The Apica River flows through a narrow, steep valley.
Visitors can admire the panorama from a rest area located a few kilometers north of the route 169 bridge over it.
This river turns out to be the outlet of a series of small aligned lakes, located to the south, Lake Micoine constituting its head.
At the end of the route, the Apica river flows at the foot of Apica mountain, culminating at .
The lake of the same name is located to the southwest of Mount-Apica; however, this lake is integrated into the watershed of the rivière aux Écorces.
The upper part of the Apica valley is accessible by the route 169 (route d'Iberville); other secondary forest roads have been developed in the sector for forestry and recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the primary economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of the Apica River is usually frozen from late November to early April, however safe circulation on the ice is generally from mid-December to late March.
The Apica River intersects the route 169 connecting Quebec (city) to Lac Saint-Jean, halfway between Jacques-Cartier Lake and the northwest limit of the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
The main watersheds adjacent to the Apica River are:
The Apica River rises at the mouth of Lake Micoine (altitude: ).
The mouth which is on the north shore of this head lake is located at:
From the mouth of Lake Micoine, the course of the Apica River flows over entirely in the forest zone, with a drop of , according to the following segments :
The Apica river flows on the west bank of the Pikauba River.
This confluence is located at:
From the confluence of the Apica river with the Pikauba River, the current descends successively the Pikauba river on to the northeast, then the current crosses the Kenogami Lake on north-east to Barrage de Portage-des-Roches, then follows the course of the Chicoutimi River on to the east, then the northeast, and the course of the Saguenay River on east to Tadoussac where it merges with the Saint Lawrence estuary.
The Dictionary of Rivers and Lakes of the Province of Quebec (1914 and 1925) calls this stream "Upika River".
The toponymic designation of this river appears under the spelling "Upica" on the map of the province of Quebec by Eugène Taché (1870), in Studies by Stanislas Drapeau on the developments of the colonization of Lower Canada (1863), and in an 1850 report from the Commissioner of Crown Lands, JH Price, with the spelling "Upika".
The Innu term "upica" means "it is constricted" when speaking of a watercourse.
This term could also mean "carrying strap", according to an interpretation known formerly.
Long used, the name "Upica" was changed in 1961 to "Apica" as was the new designation "Mount Apica".
This mountain then acquired a certain notoriety following the installation, nearby, of a radar station, today disused.
The toponym "Apica river" was formalized on June 6, 1973 at the Place Names Bank of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
W25DW-D
W25DW-D is a low-powered television station in Arbury Hills, Illinois licensed to Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The station, which broadcasts its digital signal on virtual channel 25 and UHF channel 25, moving to channel 31 as part of the spectrum repack, is owned by HC2 Holdings and licensed to HC2 LATV Holdings Inc.
The station is affiliated with HSN.
The station’s construction permit was issued on October 7, 1992 under the calls of W52BR.
It changed to W25DW on July 7, 2008, and then to the current callsign W25DW-D on March 8, 2011.
Goran Danilović
Goran Danilović (Cyrillic: Горан Даниловић, born on 1971 in Podgorica), is a Montenegrin politician, current member of Parliament of Montenegro.
He is the founder and first president (2017-18) of conservative political party United Montenegro.
Danilović graduated in Philosophy by the at the Faculty of Philosophy in Nikšić.
He was one of the founders and former vice-president of both New Serb Democracy (2009-14) and DEMOS (2015-17) political parties.
He was Minister of Interior Affairs in provisional Government of Montenegro that lasted from May to November 2016.
After the 2016 parliamentary election conservative faction of the DEMOS led by Danilović defected the party and formed new political subject United Montenegro, represented by 2 MPs in the Parliament of Montenegro.
2009–10 Scottish Men's National League season
The 2009–10 season was the 41st campaign of the Scottish Men's National League, the national basketball league of Scotland.
The season featured 6 teams.
There were no end-of-season playoffs.
City of Edinburgh Kings won their 7th league title.
The line-up for the 2009-2010 season features the following teams:
St. Catherine of Siena Catholic Church
St. Catherine of Siena Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Wake Forest, North Carolina, a suburb of Raleigh.
The first Catholics to settle in Wake Forest were George Bolus and his wife in 1910.
Soon after, the Wilkinson family moved to the area from New Orleans, becoming the second Catholic family in the town.
Catholics who soon after settled in the town had to travel to Raleigh to attend mass.
As more Catholics settled in the area, a traveling priest John A. Beshel, the Chaplain of the Nazareth Orphanage, occasionally celebrated mass in the living room of the home of the Bolus family, using a closet as a confessional.
In 1938 St. Peter's Chapel, a Railroad chapel car built by the Catholic Extension Society of Chicago in 1892, was given to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Raleigh to use as a house of worship for Catholics in Wake Forest.
The train car, which included a bedroom and kitchen for the priest, an altar, and sixty seats for congregants, was parked at the Seaboard Railroad by Bishop Eugene J. McGuinness, and was used until February of 1940.
In the 1930s Biship McGuinness' cousin, the papal countess Katherine E. Price, visited Wake Forest and was surprised that the college town did not have a Catholic Church.
She donated a large amount of money for the construction of a church and rectory.
A plot of land was purchased at 701 South Main Street and construction began in 1939.
The architect for the original church was Frank Frimmer of Tampa, Florida.
The Gothic church was built using granite from the nearby town of Rolesville.
The church was dedicated by Bishop McGuinness on February 25, 1940 and named after Catherine of Siena, the patron saint of Price.
In 1947 Father Tevlin, the priest at St. Catherine's, built St. Eugene's Church in Wendell as a daughter parish.
In 1948 John Hyland succeeded Tevlin as priest of St. Catherine's and St. Eugene's.
Hyland, who was the first superior of Bishop Vincent Stanislaus Waters' Missionary Apostolate.
He made Wake Forest the headquarters of the Missionary Fathers from a mobile trailer-chapel called Madonna of the Highways, located near St. Catherine's.
The trailer was dedicated on May 6, 1948 by the Apostolic Delegate Amleto Giovanni Cicognani at the annual convention of the North Carolina Catholic Laymen Association in Wilmington.
On August 14, 1966 a transport tractor trailer struck a power pole and trees along the front side of the church.
A large marble statue of the Sacred Heart of Jesus was knocked into the church, destroying part of the south wall, foundation, and interior of part of the church.
On September 4, 1977, the parish rectory caught on fire.
On August 27, 1979 lightning struck the church bell tower, severely damaging it.
In May 1987 the pastoral administrative duties were granted to Sister Joanne DiGiovanni of the Sisters of Mercy until a new priest was hired in July of that year.
In 1988 the church purchased 18.625 acres of land near West Holding Avenue for $172,212.50 in order to build a larger facility.
In 1997, new buildings were built on the plot on West Holding, including a parochial school.
In 1999 St. Catherine's founded its second daughter parish, Our Lady of the Rosary Catholic Church in Louisburg.
In 2001 St. Catherine's purchased over 20 acres of land west of new property for $800,000, building a new school buildings.
In 2009 the church hired the architect Jim O’Brien and Clancy & Theys construction company to build a 33,000 square foot church in the Romanesque style, with seating for 1,700 people.
The new church cost $9 million to build.
2018 Castle Point Borough Council election
The 2018 Castle Point Borough Council election took place on 3 May 2018 to elect members of Castle Point Borough Council in England.
No UKIP (-28.0) or Liberal Democrat (-1.4) candidates as previous.
No UKIP candidate as previous (-34.9).
No UKIP candidate as previous (-33.7).
No UKIP candidate as previous (-26.6).
No UKIP candidate as previous (-26.5).
No UKIP candidate as previous (-27.0).
Jakob Stegelmann
Jakob Stegelmann (born 1957) is a Danish television presenter and producer, best known for hosting the TV show "Troldspejlet", and creating the Danish version of the "Disney Afternoon".
He also presented the television series "Planet X" which focuses on B-movies, and voiced Stan Lee in the Danish dub of "".
2020 Chilean Primera División
The 2020 Campeonato Nacional, known as Campeonato Nacional AFP PlanVital 2020 for sponsorship reasons, is the 90th season of top-flight football in Chile.
The season started on 24 January 2020.
Universidad Católica are the defending champions, having won the previous tournament.
For this season, and given that the previous season was declared as concluded with no relegations to the Primera B, the Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Profesional (ANFP) approved an expansion of the first tier to 18 teams, with two teams promoted from the second tier joining the 16 teams that competed in the top flight in 2019.
The 18 teams will play each other twice (once at home and once away) for a total of 34 matches.
Qualification for the Copa Libertadores and Copa Sudamericana will be awarded to the top seven teams at the end of the season, as well as the Copa Chile champions who will qualify for the Copa Libertadores.
Since there were no relegated teams in the previous season, in this season three teams will be relegated to the second tier: the last-placed team in the standings of the 2020 season, the last-placed team in a relegation table which will be elaborated considering the performance in both the 2019 and 2020 seasons, and the losers of a play-off between the teams placed second-to-last of both tables.
Eighteen teams will take part in the league in this season: the sixteen teams from the previous season, plus the 2019 Primera B champions Santiago Wanderers and Deportes La Serena, winners of the Primera B promotion play-offs.
For this season, a weighted table will be elaborated by computing an average of the points earned per game over this season and the previous one, with the average of points earned in the 2019 season weighted by 60% and the average of points earned in the 2020 season weighted by 40%.
Promoted teams will only have their points in the 2020 season averaged, without weighting.
The team placed last in this table at the end of the season will be relegated, while the team placed second-to-last will qualify for the relegation play-off.
Erin Wysocki-Jones
Erin Wysocki-Jones (born 5 August 1992) is a British Paralympic rower who is a double World champion in the mixed coxed four.
Peter Danso-Mensah
Peter Danso-Mensah is a UK-based Ghanaian footballer who has played for the academy teams of Arsenal, Watford and Tottenham Hotspur.
He was called up to play for Black Meteors (Ghana U-23) on 3rd March 2019 after he made a call to play for the Ghana national under-20 football team.
Peter was born in Accra, Ghana and moved to London with his parents at the age of six.
He attended Canons High School and continued to Whitmore Sixth Form based in Harrow.
Yummy (Justin Bieber song)
"Yummy" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber.
It was released on January 3, 2020, along with a lyric video through Def Jam Recordings as the lead single from his upcoming fifth studio album, "Changes".
The song is Bieber's first solo single to be released in three years.
Bieber notably joined the video-sharing social networking service TikTok on the day of the song's release.
The song received mixed reviews from music critics, with some praising the song's R&B sound, but dismissing the lyrics.
Bieber received criticism for the song's "excessive promotion".
The song debuted at number two on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, while reaching the top five in Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom and various other countries; and hitting number one only in New Zealand.
The song's official music video was released on January 4, 2020.
On December 23, 2019, Bieber teased the release by posting a picture of himself in front of a piano accompanied by two posts with the caption "tomorrow".
On the following day, he announced the single via a trailer he uploaded to YouTube that shows him walking through an abandoned gas station.
The trailer also serves as an announcement for his upcoming North American tour starting May 14, 2020, as well as a documentary covering "all different stories".
About the upcoming music, Bieber stated that he feels like "this is different than the previous albums just because of where I'm at in my life".
On the release day of "Yummy", Bieber joined the video-sharing social networking service TikTok and posted a video of himself lip-syncing to the song, and encouraged his fans to do so, as well.
Four days later, Bieber released autographed limited editions of "Yummy", including a cassette, a seven-inch picture disc, six unique CDs and five unique seven-inch vinyl discs, available for only 24 hours.
Bieber released five additional music videos for the song, titled: "Animated Version", "x drew house, Animated Version", "Beliebers React", "Fan Lip Sync" and "Food Fight", and launched an official "Yummy" online game.
"Yummy" is a "straightforward R&B number" that moves along on pop-trap beats.
The song contains a "crisp bass line and plinking keyboards".
Bieber rap-sings the pre-chorus, while he hits his "signature falsetto" in the bridge.
Bryan Rolli of "Forbes" magazine called the chorus "seductive", albeit "meaningless".
The song is considered an ode to Bieber's wife, Hailey Bieber.
In an exclusive interview with Ellen DeGeneres, Bieber admitted that Yummy is about his sex life.
The song received mixed reviews from music critics.
Rania Aniftos of "Billboard" magazine said "Yummy" brings back "the flirtatious Bieber we've missed and been waiting for", describing the chorus as "catchy".
Bryan Rolli, writing for "Forbes", said that Bieber "sings his heart out" on the song and noted although "the lyrics may not invite scholarly analysis ... Bieber sure does sound good singing them".
Rolli concluded calling the song a "win, an inevitable chart smash" and opined that it is "sure to sound even better when 50,000 fans scream it every night on his upcoming tour".
Mikael Wood of "Los Angeles Times" described the song as "a lithe little R&B number that faintly recalls Ginuwine's mid-'90s classic 'Pony' and basically three-and-a-half minutes of PG-13 sex talk seemingly directed at Hailey Baldwin".
He stated that "though it's very cute, 'Yummy' feels awfully lightweight for a single that has as much hanging on it as this one does" and added that the song "loses much of its flavor after only a few spins".
Brad Callas of "Complex" magazine listed "Yummy" amongst the best new music of the week and said Bieber's "pivot back to R&B is refreshing for those who were fans of his slept-on 2013 project, "Journals"".
Callas further remarked that the "silky vocals" is at times reminiscent of Bieber's 2016 collaboration with Post Malone, "Deja Vu".
"NME"s Sam Moore complimented the song's R&B production, but dismissed the lyrics, which he termed as "failed expectations".
He opined that the song's producers opted for "minimalism with their choice of instrumentation, melding airy keys with pop-trap beats with an evident view of creating something as universal as the likes of 'Hotline Bling' and Childish Gambino's 'Feels Like Summer'".
Moore further wrote that Bieber's layered vocals and harmonies are "able to glide along rather effortlessly—it's just a shame he doesn't have more to say with them" and that Bieber's embrace of R&B "isn't a complete turn-off".
"Pitchfork"s Eric Torres criticized the song for being "shamelessly engineered for the truncated attention span of TikTok" and "a bloodless shell of an R&B song crippled by asinine lyrics and a tired, syncopated backdrop".
He further wrote that the song "plateaus as soon as it starts, never inching past the toddler-like repetition of 'yummy-yum' in its chorus".
The Guardian's Alexis Petridis wrote that "Yummy" is "eager to go viral" on TikTok, comparing it to viral songs on the lip-syncing app such as Arizona Zervas's "Roxanne", Ashnikko's "Stupid" and Regard's "Ride It", and that "a generation grown on highly sophisticated, multilayered internet culture can detect bullshit a mile off: this is so nakedly eager to go viral that it almost certainly won't."
Petridis pointed out the "shameless plug for his streetwear brand Drew House", "the cringeworthy use of trap ebonics", "use of baby talk to vaguely gesture at a world of sexual pleasure" and the "chorus seems designed purely for Gen Z-ers in yoga pants to spoon frozen acai into their mouths while miming along to the word 'yummy'".
He concluded by stating Bieber "doesn't need the TikTok virality, but craves its pop-cultural relevance – and that desperation chafes awkwardly against the spiritually grounded marital bliss of his current image".
The music video for "Yummy" was directed by Bardia Zeinali and premiered on January 4, 2020.
In the video, it portrays Bieber with pink hair at a dinner party in a fancy restaurant, eating various colorful food items with the guests.
The video garnered 8.4 million views in its first 24 hours, becoming his second biggest 24-hour debut on the platform out of his 5 lead singles.
In the United States, "Yummy" debuted at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, blocked from the top spot by Roddy Ricch's "The Box", becoming Bieber's second consecutive single as a lead artist to debut at the second spot, following "I Don't Care", which was blocked from the top set by "Old Town Road" by Lil Nas X featuring Billy Ray Cyrus.. "Yummy" proceeded to fall to number ten the following week.
On the UK Singles Chart, the track debuted at number five, becoming his first lead single to not debut in the top 3 of the chart since "One Time" the lead single from his debut EP, My World.
"Yummy" also debuted in the top 10 in Ireland, where it landed at number 8, as well as number 16 in Scotland.
It also debuted in the top 20 of other European countries, going number 7 in the Netherlands, number 10 in Italy and number 15 in Germany.
In Oceania, the song debuted at number 8 in Australia, peaking at number 4.
In New Zealand, it topped the singles chart in its second week.
Bieber received criticism for his "excessive" promotion of "Yummy" during the song's release week, that included release of autographed CD variants, seven different videos for the song, launching an official "Yummy" game, online fan interactions that involved Bieber asking fans to buy the song and Bieber's manager Scooter Braun encouraging fans to mass-purchase the song.
Bieber received backlash for manipulation of streaming services, with many calling it "desperate" and "privileged" attempts at making the song debut at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, after predictions of Roddy Ricch's "The Box" rising to the top spot.
During an Instagram live session, Bieber asked his fans to stream and buy "Yummy" on iTunes, and reposted instructions from a fan titled "How to Get 'Yummy' to #1", detailing how to help the song hit number one on the chart.
Those instructions included buying the song multiple times on Bieber's website and iTunes, creating a Spotify playlist consisting only of "Yummy" and streaming it on repeat at low volume, and having fans outside the US download a VPN app, and set it to the US to inflate Bieber's US streams that contribute to the chart.
However, "Yummy" debuted only at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, blocked from the number-one spot as "The Box" rose to the top spot.
Credits adapted from Tidal.
2020 Greenville Triumph SC season
The 2020 season is Greenville Triumph SC's second of existence, and their second playing in USL League One.
"As of December 24, 2019."
As a USL League One club, Greenville will enter the competition in the Second Round, to be played April 7–9.
On January 29, 2020 the Second Round schedule was announced.
Nil Kyaw Yin
Nil Kyaw Yin (born 6 June 1925) was a Burmese weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Christmas Eve in Washington
"Christmas Eve in Washington" is a melodic Christmas song by American singer Maura Sullivan originally performed in 1982 for the radio station WMZQ-FM.
It was written in twenty minutes by Sullivan and radio show host Jim London.
Sullivan premiered the song on the radio and sold one thousand copies in cassette form within a few hours.
The single generated $180,000 for charities at the Children's National Hospital and Susan G. Komen for the Cure.
The current version was recorded in 1987.
WBIG-FM included the single on their holiday album in the 1990s.
The lyrics consist of paeans to freedom and family.
It mentions many Washington metropolitan area specific sites including the Blue Ridge Mountains, Chesapeake Bay, Georgetown, Tidal Basin, and the United States Capitol dome.
The song has been compared to the folk song "Christmas in Washington" by Steve Earle.
In a 2012 interview, Sullivan stated she would not add any additional lyrics to the song.
In 2017, Sullivan was diagnosed with cancer.
Thong Saw Pak
Thong Saw Pak (born 1928) was a Singaporean weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Bullet (musician)
Ricky Nana Agyemang, also known as Bullet is a Ghanaian Musician, Songwriter, Artiste Manager and a record Label owner.
He was a member of the music group Ruff n Smooth with Ahkan.
Bullet started his musical career as Etuo Aboba (meaning Bullet in Twi).
He released his debut album titled "Wo Beko Wo Maame Ho".
In 2008, he formed the musical group Ruff n Smooth with Ahkan (formally Osrane).
The duo released alot of songs which includes ‘Swagger’, ‘Sex Machine’, ‘Azingele’, ‘Dance for Me’ and ‘Naija Baby
Bullet is the founder and CEO of RuffTown Records.
His first recording Artiste was the late Ebony Reign.
he later signed Danny Beat and Brella to the label.
After the demised of Ebony Reign, He signed Ms Forson, Wendy Shay, Fantana and Ray James.
Brella, Ms Forson and Danny Beat are currently out of the label.
Toni Leuthe
Toni Leuthe (born 21 November 1922) was a German weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Conversation Piece (box set)
Conversation Piece is a box set by David Bowie, released in November 2019.
It contains five CDs featuring recordings made between 1968 and 1969, including home demos, BBC sessions, as well as two different mixes of the 1969 album "Space Oddity", one of them being produced by Tony Visconti specifically for this box set.
Several songs have already been released throughout the year 2019 in the box sets "Spying Through a Keyhole", "Clareville Grove Demos" and "The ‘Mercury’ Demos".
All tracks written by David Bowie, except where noted.
The Dreaming Man
The Dreaming Man () is a 2017 Chinese romantic comedy film starring Chen Bolin, Lin Yun and Zhang Yunlong.
It is a remake of "While You Were Sleeping".
It is the first Chinese film produced by The Walt Disney Studios.
The film was released on December 8, 2017.
"The Dreaming Man" is the first live-action theatrical release that is part of the multi-picture development deal between Wudi Pictures Corp and Walt Disney Studios.
The film is co-produced by Shanghai Media Group, Walt Disney Studios and Shanghai Artrendwave Productions.
Giedrė Rakauskaitė
Giedrė Rakauskaitė (born 13 June 1991 in Kaunas) is a British Paralympic rower who is a double World champion in the mixed coxed four.
Edward Ścigała
Edward Ścigała (20 February 1926 – 28 January 1990) was a Polish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs, JavaScript Adaptation
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs, JavaScript adaptation (SICP JS) is an adaptation of the computer science textbook "Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs" (SICP).
It teaches fundamental principles of computer programming, including recursion, abstraction, modularity, and programming language design and implementation.
While the original version of SICP uses the programming language Scheme, this adaptation uses the programming language JavaScript.
The National University of Singapore published draft editions online since 2012, and a first public release on December 13 2019.
As of 2019, the book is continuously updated and improved by the community of its readers.
It has been used in NUS's introductory course in computer science.
As its original, SICP JS focuses on discovering general patterns for solving specific problems, and building software systems that make use of those patterns.
The book describes computer science concepts using Source, a series of sublanguages of JavaScript.
It also uses a virtual register machine and assembler to implement JavaScript interpreters and compilers.
The book is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 License.
SICP JS has been used in the course CS1101S at the National University of Singapore (NUS) since 2012.
While the book focuses on principles, models and abstractions for programming rather than specific programming languages, all examples in the original version are written in the programming language Scheme.
SICP JS uses the language JavaScript instead of Scheme.
Since JavaScript shares its functional core with Scheme, the adaptation is straightforward and literal in most places.
Scheme's homoiconicity is replaced by references to an explicit parser in Chapters 4 and 5.
Source is a series of sublanguages of JavaScript, originally inspired by , Douglas Crockford.
It comprises the languages Source §1, Source §2, Source §3 and Source §4, corresponding to the respective chapters of SICP JS.
Each language is a sublanguage of the next, and designed to contain only features needed by the respective chapter.
These languages are implemented by the Source Academy, a web-based programming environment that features various tools to support the reader of SICP JS.
Andrew Muir
Andrew Muir may refer to:
Björn Heyn
Björn Heyn (born 18 November 1928) was a Norwegian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Gregory J. Pope
Gregory J. Pope (November 27, 1926 – May 1976) was an American politician who served in the New York State Assembly from 1965 to 1970.
Yorrie Evans
Yorrie Evans (16 April 1923 – November 2003) was a British weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Hezbollah Assembly
The Hezbollah Assembly or Assembly of Hezbollah () was a parliamentary group in the Iranian Parliament between 1996 and 2000.
It has been described as "a moderate grouping of legislative members positioned in the counterpoint of "Hezbollah" Faction" and a "parliamentary alliance" between the modernist right and the Islamic left.
Its leader was Abdollah Nouri, who was later succeeded by Majid Ansari.
It was founded in 1996 mainly by the candidates included in the electoral list of the right-wing Executives of Construction, which according to Banks "et al.
", is believed to have won 90 to 100 seats.
Mojahedin of the Islamic Revolution of Iran Organization was the another major group in the parliamentary group with some 30 seats, according to Wilfried Buchta.
Members of the Worker House were also in the parliamentary group.
The group was supportive of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and endorsed Mohammad Khatami in his successful bid for 1997 Iranian presidential election, before declaring their support for candidacy of Mir-Hossein Mousavi.
Josef Tauchner
Josef Tauchner (born 10 February 1929) was an Austrian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics, the 1956 Summer Olympics and the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Zygaena haematina
Zygaena haematina is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family.
It is found in Iran.
"Z. haematina" approaches "Zygaena fraxini", but is much smaller and more narrow-winged, spot 4 is more rounded and there is a red collar, which is absent from "fraxini".
Rebel considers "haematina" a distinct species from an examination of the type contained in the Hofmuseum at Vienna: from Persia.
Antonio Hoffmann
Antonio Hoffmann (born 8 December 1929) was a Puerto Rican weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Bihar Animal Sciences University
Bihar Animal Sciences University (BASU) is a state agricultural university located at Patna, Bihar, India.
It has jurisdiction over the field of veterinary and animal sciences in Bihar.
The formal proposal for establishing an animal sciences university in Bihar was made as part of the "Bihar Agricultural Road Map 2012–2017", the second agriculture road map for Bihar, which was launched by the then President of India Pranab Mukherjee in October 2012.
The roadmap set it as one of its targets that "A new University for Animal Husbadry, Dairy and Fisheries shall be set up in the state."
However, no specific budget was set aside for setting the university, and the budget was to come out of the general animal husbandry budget.
The university was established in 2016 through the "Bihar Animal Sciences University Act, 2016", which was passed as a Bill in August 2016 and notified later that month.
The university was formed by transferring two colleges, Bihar Veterinary College and Sanjay Gandhi Institute of Dairy Technology, from Bihar Agricultural University, as well as six other institutes transferred from Bihar Agricultural University and Rajendra Agricultural University.
An additional college, the College of Fisheries, Kishanganj, was also to be established.
The college was officially approved two years later, in May 2018 and established in August 2018.
The university became operational in June 2017 with the appointment of its first Vice-Chancellor, Rameshwar Singh, one of four state universities and six private universities established in Bihar in 2017–2018.
The university offers undergraduate, postgraduate, doctoral and diploma degrees in three fields, veterinary science & animal husbandry, dairy technology, and fisheries management.
The university has three constituent colleges:
It runs six other institutes:
Tauno Suoniemi
Tauno Suoniemi (4 December 1927 – 22 July 1985) was a Finnish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
2020 Vincentian general election
General elections are scheduled to be held in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in December 2020.
The 15 elected members of the House of Assembly are elected in single-member constituencies using the first-past-the-post system.
A further six members are appointed; four by the government and two by the opposition.
Saskatoon Nutana South
Saskatoon Nutana South was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada.
This district was located in the southeast corner of Saskatoon.
It was created for the 16th Saskatchewan general election out of part of the five-seat Saskatoon City riding.
It was abolished in 1975 into Saskatoon Buena Vista and Saskatoon Eastview.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|10,049
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|9,905
!align="right"|100.00
!align="right"|
Barry Engelbrecht
Barry Engelbrecht (8 September 1924 – November 1982) was a South African weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
2019 World Para Athletics Championships – Women's 1500 metres
The women's 1500 metres at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships was held in Dubai on 10, 11, 14 and 15 November 2019.
Žarko Rakčević
Žarko Rakčević (born March 21, 1961 in Podgorica), is a Montenegrin politician and businessman.
He was one of the founders and first president (2015–17) of social liberal political party United Reform Action (URA).
He is currently president of the Political Council of URA.
Having finished Gymnasium "Slobodan Škerović" in Podgorica, Rakčević graduated at the Faculty of Economics at the University of Montenegro.
He obtained a master's degree in 1983.
He was one of the founders of centre-left Social Democratic Party of Montenegro (SDP CG) in 1993 and long-term president of the Party (1993–2002).
Rakčević was Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro in the second DPS-SDP coalition government, from 2001 to 2003.
Robert Belza
Robert Belza (born 9 November 1926) was a Czech weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Alfonso Canti
Alfonso Canti (born 21 July 1920) was an Italian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Thio Ging Hwie
Eric Thio Ging Hwie, Indonesianized as "Wibowo Susetio", (29 November 1923 - 4 June 1989) was an Indonesian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was the first Chinese Indonesian sportsman to compete at the Olympic Games, when he took part in 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, the first Olympics attended by Indonesia.
Abdel Khadr El-Touni
Abdel Khadr El-Touni (born 24 May 1924, date of death unknown) was an Egyptian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Daugh Castle
Daugh Castle was a castle, about north of Huntly, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, near Cairnie Burn.
Is was also known as Castle of the Daach.
The property is said to have belonged to Thomas Gordon, known as Tam o Riven (or Ruthven), a character for whom it is difficult to sort fact from legend.
It seems that Auchanachie Castle replaced Daugh Castle as the main residence in the 16th century.
Daugh Castle can now be identified only by a natural mound north of the farm of Little Daugh.
It may well have been a timber structure, which has disappeared, although the access road remains.
The castle had a strong position with a wide view of lower Strathisla.
The remains suggest the dimensions of the enclosure wall were about by .
Chahunga Main Tujhe
"Chahunga Main Tujhe" is an Indian Hindi song from the Bollywood film "Dosti" (1964).
The lyrics of the song was written by Majrooh Sultanpuri, and the music was composed by Laxmikant–Pyarelal.
Mohammed Rafi was the playback singer of this song.
In 1965 Majrooh Sultanpuri received Filmfare award in the best lyrics category for this song.
Laxmikant–Pyarelal won their first Filmfare award for composing this song.
Although the song became very popular and got Filmfare awards, the song was planned to be removed from the film.
Mohammed Rafi insisted to keep the song in the film.
He took only as his fee as the singer.
For this song both the lyricist Majrooh Sultanpuri and the music composer-duo Laxmikant–Pyarelal received Filmfare Awards in the categories of best lyrics, and best music composition respectively.
Walter Dossenbach
Walter Dossenbach (born 6 March 1922) was a Swiss weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Mitchell Lake (Apica River)
Lac Mitchell is a freshwater body from the watershed of the Apica River, the Pikauba River and Saguenay River, in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
Recreational and tourist activities, especially vacationing, are the main economic activities in this area; agriculture and forestry, second.
The surface of Lake Mitchell is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds adjacent to Lake Mitchell are:
Lake Mitchell is long, wide and elevated.
This lake is mainly fed by riparian streams, by the outlet (coming from the south-east) from Lake Micoine and by the outlet (coming from the south) from the lakes of Groseillers and La Fourmillière.
This lake has an appendix of stretching towards the south, forming a peninsula extending towards the north, which comprises a mountain whose summit reaches .
The mouth of Lake Mitchell is located to the northwest, at:
From the mouth of Lake Mitchell, the current follows the course of the Apica River on consecutively, the course of the Pikauba River on generally towards the north, crosses Kenogami Lake on towards the northeast until Barrage de Portage-des-Roches, then follows the course of the Chicoutimi River on to the east, then the northeast and the course of the Saguenay River on east to Tadoussac where it merges with the Saint Lawrence estuary.
The term "Mitchell" is a family name of English origin.
The toponym "Lac Mitchell" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
2020 Mongolian legislative election
Parliamentary elections are scheduled to be held in Mongolia on 24 June 2020.
The 76 members of the State Great Khural will be elected by plurality-at-large voting in multi-member constituencies.
The electoral system was not decided until a new electoral law was passed on 22 December 2019.
The new electoral law also barred people found guilty of corrupt practice from standing in elections.
Mongolians living overseas will not be allowed to vote.
Women right activists called for raising gender quota for nominations from 20% to 30% but they failed.
Currently, female legislators make 17% (13 seats) in the parliament, which is the record large number since democratic elections in 1990.
1989 in Australian literature
This article presents a list of the historical events and publications of Australian literature during 1989.
A list, ordered by date of birth (and, if the date is either unspecified or repeated, ordered alphabetically by surname) of births in 1989 of Australian literary figures, authors of written works or literature-related individuals follows, including year of death.
Andrew Muir (politician)
Andrew Muir is a Northern Irish politician who is an Alliance Party Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for North Down.
He was appointed as an MLA following incumbent Alliance MLA Stephen Farry's election as MP for North Down in the 2019 United Kingdom general election.
He is gay.
David Pimentel
David Pimentel (born 2 December 1927) was a Mexican weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Jacques Flury
Jacques Flury (10 May 1932 – 23 October 1965) was a Swiss weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Ilie Enciu
Ilie Enciu (born 24 December 1924) was a Romanian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Royal Irish Regiment of Foot Guards
The Royal Irish Regiment of Foot Guards, or "His Majesty’s Regiment of Guards in Ireland", was a regiment of foot guards first raised in 1662 for service in Ireland.
Part of the Royal Irish Army of Charles II, it was initially garrisoned around Dublin.
During the 1688 Glorious Revolution the Foot Guards under their commanding officer William Dorrington stayed loyal to James II, and fought on the Jacobite side in the Williamite War in Ireland.
After the 1697 Peace of Ryswick and the formal disestablishment of James’s army in exile, the Foot Guards were immediately reconstituted in French service as Dorrington’s Regiment, retaining their red coats and Saint George's Cross standard.
As part of the Irish Brigade they distinguished themselves in a number of campaigns.
Renamed the Regiment Roth after a subsequent colonel, Michael Roth, and later still as the Regiment Walsh, the regiment did not formally disband until 1791.
Charles II issued the order for the regiment's creation in April 1662, soon after the Restoration.
The remainder of the 7,500-strong army formed in Ireland at this point was not formally regimented until the 1670s, and contained many Cromwellian veterans.
Leading Royalist James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormond was given the commission to raise the regiment and authority to appoint junior officers; the experienced Anglo-Irish soldier Sir William Flower was made lieutenant-colonel, while Ormonde’s son Richard Butler, 1st Earl of Arran was gazetted colonel, with captaincy of a company.
Other commissions were given to members of Ormonde's circle such as Sir Nicholas Armorer and Sir John Stephens of Finglas.
The regiment was initially established at 1200 men in 12 companies, plus officers; it also included a chaplain, surgeon, drum-major and 24 drummers along with a piper to the "King's Company".
Many of the rank and file were raised in England, apparently to minimise Cromwellian influence, with further recruits from the ranks of the Irish “Independent Companies”.
Up until 1688 members of the Guards were quartered either in Dublin Castle or in the city gatehouses.
Under Arran, the Guards were employed largely on peacetime duties in Ireland: they were used to suppress a mutiny by other regiments in Carrickfergus in 1666, while in 1673 two companies were ordered to Chester and saw service on board ship during the Third Anglo-Dutch War.
Nevertheless the regiment retained a high prestige: a Major Billingsley recorded that "to be a Major of the Royal Regiment of Guards is better and more honourable than to be a Lieutenant-Colonel of any other regiment", while the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Clarendon, wrote approvingly of their appearance on parade.
For the first twenty years of its history the regiment was almost exclusively Protestant, with most of its officers drawn from the Irish Protestant gentry.
However the 1685 accession of Charles’s Catholic brother James accelerated the recruitment of Catholics, particularly as officers.
James’s associate Richard Talbot, 1st Earl of Tyrconnell replaced a number of the rank and file, giving the pretext that “the King would have all his men young and of one size”; veteran lieutenant-colonel Sir Charles Feilding was replaced by William Dorrington, an English Catholic.
Dorrington continued reforming the regiment, though Clarendon criticised him for recruiting at the Catholic shrine St James's Well, feeling it would harm relations with the Catholic community.
Arran died in 1686 and his nephew James, Lord Ossory, later the 2nd Duke of Ormonde was briefly made colonel of the Guards: at the time of the Glorious Revolution, Ormonde switched his allegiance to William of Orange.
He was replaced as colonel by Dorrington and the majority of the regiment stayed loyal to James, although one of its two battalions, sent to England immediately prior to William's landing, was taken prisoner.
The Guards subsequently fought on the Jacobite side in the War in Ireland, including at the Siege of Derry, the Battle of the Boyne and at Aughrim, where their lieutenant-colonel William Mansfield Barker was killed.
Several hundred of their number were among those permitted to leave for France after the Jacobite defeat.
Following their departure, there would be no Irish Guards regiment until the formation of the Irish Guards in 1900.
In France the regiment continued to recruit from among Irish Jacobite exiles, the so-called “Wild Geese”, and saw further service in the Nine Years' War.
The terms of the Peace of Ryswick included the disbandment of James’s former army, but the same day as the Guards regiment was broken up, 27 February 1698, it was immediately reconstituted as Dorrington's Regiment in the French Army.
The regiment continued in French service in several campaigns.
It fought at Malplaquet, Dettingen and Fontenoy.
Dorrington ended his active service in c.1710 and died in 1718; Michael Roth, who had begun service with the Foot Guards as a lieutenant in 1686, became colonel, followed by his son Charles Edward, Comte de Roth, in 1733.
Elements of the regiment returned to Britain during the Jacobite Rising of 1745.
Between 1766 and 1770 the regiment’s colonel was the 9th Earl of Roscommon; its last colonel was Antoine Walsh, also known as the Comte de Walsh-Serrant.
In 1791, following the French Revolution, it was merged into the 92nd Regiment of the French Army.
The latter, today based in Clermont-Ferrand, is considered the last French regiment to descend directly from the regiments of the Irish Brigade.
Throughout most of its existence, even in French service, the regiment was issued with red coats with blue facings.
Its colours, a Saint George's Cross with a central crown surmounted with a crowned lion, reflected its original status as a Guards regiment of the King of England.
Jewelry (Your Old Droog album)
Jewelry is the fifth studio album by American rapper Your Old Droog.
It was released on December 23, 2019, making it the rapper's third release of the year, following April's "It Wasn't Even Close" and June's "Transportation".
The twelve-track project features collaborations with the album's executive producer, Mach-Hommy as well as MF DOOM, Tha God Fahim and Matisyahu.
Featuring production by Fahim, Quelle Chris, Edan, Preservation and Cohen Beats.
The album is a celebration of his Jewish heritage, labeled a "A Chanukah Celebration" with Your Old Droog stating "I'm no longer going to diminish my heritage for your comfort, some people hate simply for the sake of hating, let them crumble under the weight of that burden...we will celebrate light and life...I'm a Jew in America.
This is my story.
Shalom"
Track listing adapted from bandcamp
Thor Olsen (weightlifter)
Thor Olsen (born 1 December 1929) was a Norwegian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Zygaena sogdiana
Zygaena sogdiana is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family.
It is found in Central Asia.
Fred Giffin
Fred Giffin (19 April 1920 – 10 May 1999) was an Australian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Arcasio Ricci
Arcasio Ricci (1590–1636) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Gravina di Puglia (1630–1636).
Arcasio Ricci was born in 1590 in Pescia, Italy.
On 13 Nov 1630, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Gravina di Puglia.
On 24 Nov 1630, he was consecrated bishop by Antonio Marcello Barberini (seniore), Cardinal-Priest of Sant'Onofrio, with Giovanni Battista Scanaroli, Titular Bishop of "Sidon", and Ulderico Carpegna, Bishop of Gubbio, serving as co-consecrators.
He served as Bishop of Gravina di Puglia until his death on 8 Feb 1636 in Gravina, Italy.
Chaubi Gahi Shikohabad
Chaubi Gahi Shikohabad is a village and Gram panchayat in Bilhaur Tehsil, Kanpur Nagar district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
It is located 60 KMs away from Kanpur City.
Emmerich Bauer
Emmerich Bauer (born 24 October 1927) was an Austrian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
St Maurice's Church, Strasbourg
St Maurice's Church () is a Roman Catholic church building located on Place Arnold in the Neustadt district of Strasbourg, France.
It was built during the Annexation of Alsace-Lorraine into the German Empire in the late 19th century.
The construction works of the church started in November 1895 within the framework of the construction of the Neustadt district.
The church was designed by architect Ludwig Becker from Mainz, whose preliminary draft was selected during an architectural competition in 1893.
After several years of construction works, the church was consecrated on 28 May 1899.
It was originally the church of the Catholic garrison of the city.
On 21 February 2013, the church was vandalised by a man who damaged about fifteen statues and laid an Islamic prayer rug and a Qur'an which he had stolen in a mosque.
The man probably suffered from mental illness.
The Gothic Revival church was meant to be visible from far away, like the Protestant Church of St. Paul.
The tall and thin bell tower of St Maurice is 65 meters high and was placed in the several-kilometer-long perspective of Avenue des Vosges and Avenue de la Forêt-Noire which connect Place de Haguenau to Place Arnold.
A statue of Joan of Arc dated 1922 is located to the east of St Maurice's Church.
The statue used to stand at the entrance of the church but was moved after Place Arnold was renovated.
The main altar shows the life of St. Maurice, while the upper crucifix is surrounded by representations of St. Mary and St. John.
In the southern chapel, an altarpiece depicts the Virgin Mary.
The side chapel has a modern artwork made by Sylvie Lander.
All the windows of the church are filled with stained glass.
The organ of the church was made by in 1899.
It has 43 stops and 3 keyboards, as follows:
Václav Pšenička Jr.
Václav Pšenička Jr. (14 May 1931 – 31 December 2015) was a Czech weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Maimi von Mirbach
Maimi von Mirbach, full name "Maria Celina Gabrielle Antoinette Freiin von Mirbach" (born April 9, 1899 in Antwerp; died October 8, 1984 in Berlin), was a German cellist and member of the Confessing Church.
Maimi von Mirbach came from an old noble family.
Her father, the merchant Wilhelm Freiherr von Mirbach (1858-1914) was a brother of the Prussian lieutenant general and court official Ernst von Mirbach (1844-1925).
Through her mother Carmen Laura, née von Bary (1876-1938), Maimi von Mirbach was directly related to Cornelio Saavedra, the first president of the United Provinces of the Rio de la Plata.
In this cosmopolitan and international parental home, she enjoyed a Christian-liberal education with a strong musical orientation.
In 1914, the family had to leave Belgium within 24 hours of the beginning of the First World War, moving to Potsdam.
Shaped by her experience as a member of a minority, Maimi von Mirbach turned early to people who needed help.
Already in the 1920s, she recognized the nationalistic and anti-Semitic development in Germany.
After the Nazi seizure of power, she helped persecuted Jews.
also following the values of the Confessing Church.
She abhorred the racial ideology of the Nazis and, as a cellist, continued to cultivate numerous contacts with Jewish musicians, even though this repeatedly put her in danger.
Maimi von Mirbach helped Fritz Hirschfeld, with whom she played in a private string quartet, escape in 1938.
Hirschfeld, chairman of the Potsdam Labor Court for six years from 1927, was arrested after Kristallnacht and remained in Potsdam police prison for three weeks.
He was only released on the condition that he would leave the country.
The German authorities demanded a Reich Flight Tax of 35,000 Reichsmark and a Jewish property tax of 38,000 Reichsmark.
To raise this sum, Maimi von Mirbach acquired the Hirschfelds' house and property.
His "Aryan" wife Grete stayed in the house free of charge until her death in April 1941.
Maimi von Mirbach gave Fritz Hirschfeld 8,000 Reichsmark in cash for his escape to Holland.
In August 1942, he was deported to the Theresienstadt concentration camp and finally deported to Auschwitz, after which it is unknown what happened to him.
Maimi von Mirbach visited him several times in the internment camp and gave him food, jewelry, and money.
Von Mirbach hid Jews wanted by the Gestapo in her house several times in order to save them from deportation.
At the end of 1941 she accepted the former music student Gisela Distler-Brendel, a pupil of the composer and piano teacher Ilse Fromm-Michaels, as a lodger.
Gisela Distler-Brendel was a "first-degree half-breed" who was not allowed to study at a university.
She also had a forbidden relationship with a gentile, from whom she expected an illegitimate child.
Maimi von Mirbach kept this relationship secret from the authorities, and was thus guilty of racial disgrace under the Nuremberg Laws.
After 1945, Maimi von Mirbach was subjected to many humiliations and restrictions in the Soviet occupation zone and in the early days of the GDR.
In 1956, she left Potsdam and moved to Berlin-Charlottenburg.
Until her death, she told students about her experiences during the period of National Socialism in schools and youth institutions.
In 2005, the Potsdam Administrative Court dismissed an action brought by Maimi von Mirbach's heirs against the reassignment to Hirschfeld's daughter Aenne Dorothy Scott of the property in Klein Glienicke lawfully acquired by Fritz Hirschfeld and expropriated by the GDR.
André Dochy
André Dochy (12 March 1928 – 31 October 2011) was a French weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
2019 World Para Athletics Championships – Women's 800 metres
The women's 800 metres at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships was held in Dubai on 8, 11, and 14 November 2019.
Jalal Mansouri
Mirjalal Ghaffarzadeh Mansour (, 10 January 1930 – 11 November 2012) more known as Jalal Mansouri () was an Iranian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Ángel Sposato
Ángel Sposato (born 17 May 1922) was an Argentine weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Dadarpur Katha
Dadarpur Katha is a village and Gram panchayat in Bilhaur Tehsil, Kanpur Nagar district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
It is located 53 KMs away from Kanpur City.
According to 2011 Census of India the population of the village is 1,336, in which 742 are males and 594 are females.
Canon EOS 5000
The Canon EOS 5000 (sold in Asian countries as the EOS 888) was an entry-level 35mm autofocus single-lens reflex camera marketed by Canon in January 1995.
The camera was introduced as a low-end camera for the European market, and was not sold in Japan or the Americas.
Unlike most Canon EOS cameras, the EOS 5000 is primarily controlled by a single dial on the top of the camera.
The camera offers five fully automatic exposure modes, as well as shutter-priority autoexposure.
No manual aperture control is provided.
Along with renamed versions for different markets, a QD version which could print the date or time the photograph was taken was available.
It was replaced in the market by the EOS 3000 in 1999
Mitchell Lake
Mitchell Lake or Lake Mitchell can refer to:
Ben Yennie
Ben Yennie is an American producer's representative, speaker, author, and entrepreneur working at the intersection of technology and film.
He’s helped to package, finance, market, and distribute 15 films to date, generally receiving the title of executive producer for his role as a producer’s rep.
He has written three books to date (most notably a guide to the American Film Market and a macroeconomic study of the film industry), co-founded a film oriented project management company called ProductionNext, and is also known as a blogger, and event organizer.
In 2014 Ben founded Guerrilla Rep Media, a producer’s representation firm.
Some of the films he’s worked on have been released theatrically and shown on outlets such as Starz and Showtime.
He is best known for "Queen of the Capital", "Goodland", "Cicada Moon", and "The Devil's Restaurant".
Films he has represented have been accepted to the Slamdance Film Festival and many other film festivals.
Ben has spoken at many conferences including the Seattle Film Summit, The Dona Ana Arts Council, and various in person events in and around San Francisco.
He has also appeared on many podcasts, including The Lean Startup Podcast, the Indie Film Hustle Podcast, the Making Movies is Hard Podcast, and the Nancy Fulton Podcast.
Ben is the author of "The Guerrilla Rep: American Film Market Distribution Success on No Budget".
The book is currently in its second edition.
Debbie Brubaker, unit production manager of Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine", Tim Burton’s "Big Eyes", and Gus Van Sant’s "When We Rise" wrote the preface.
Oscar-nominated producer Marc Smolowitz wrote the forward.
This book has been used as a supplemental text at multiple film schools.
Ben also wrote the State of the "Film Industry Report", which was a first of its kind report on the macroeconomics of the film industry.
Data was gathered with the help of IndieWire, Stage 32, and Fandor.
Ben also heads the blogs for Guerrilla Rep Media which focuses primarily on the business of the film industry and serves as editor for the ProductionNext blog which focuses more on production and general critique of the film industry.
In 2015, Ben co-founded a project management company called ProductionNext.
ProductionNext is a cloud-based project management system specifically designed for independent film.
Ben has served periodically as an adviser and organizer for several angel investment groups targeted at the arts.
Previously, Ben served as executive director for Producer Foundry, a community organization and business school for independent film.
Åke Hedberg
Åke Hedberg (14 December 1929 – 7 April 1971) was a Swedish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Moustafa Laham
Moustafa Laham (born 1929) was a Lebanese weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Gladiolus mariae
Gladiolus mariae is a species of the genus "Gladiolus" of perennial cormous flowering plants in the family Iridaceae.
The species was first described in 2019, found growing endemicly on two table mountains in the Kounounkan Forest Reserve near Moussaya, Forécariah, Guinea, West Africa.
It was named as one of Kew Gardens Top 10 plants discovered in 2019 and has been assessed as potentially critically endangered.
"Gladiolus mariae" is similar in appearance to "Gladiolus sudanicus" and grows to between .
It has up to 6 orange flowers.
1990 in Australian literature
This article presents a list of the historical events and publications of Australian literature during 1990.
A list, ordered by date of birth (and, if the date is either unspecified or repeated, ordered alphabetically by surname) of births in 1990 of Australian literary figures, authors of written works or literature-related individuals follows, including year of death.
Unknown date
A list, ordered by date of death (and, if the date is either unspecified or repeated, ordered alphabetically by surname) of deaths in 1990 of Australian literary figures, authors of written works or literature-related individuals follows, including year of birth.
Ismail Ragab
Ismail Ragab (born 21 June 1921, date of death unknown) was an Egyptian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Tris(cyanoethyl)phosphine
Tris(cyanoethyl)phosphine is the organophosphorus compound with the formula P(CHCHCN).
It is white solid that is air stable, which is unusual for a trialkylphosphine.
It is prepared by the hydrophosphination of acrylonitrile with phosphine.
The compound has been the subject of much research.
For example, it is an effective reagent for the desulfurization of organic disulfides.
Carole Ann Haswell
Carole Ann Haswell is a British astrophysicist and current Professor of Astrophysics and Head of Astronomy at the Open University.
She is a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society.
She has been involved in the detection of several exoplanets, including Barnard's Star b.
Haswell was born in Saltburn-by-the-Sea, North Yorkshire, and grew up in Dormanstown.
Her father worked on an ammonia recovery plant at Imperial Chemical Industries.
She became interested in space as a child, when her father told her about the Apollo astronauts as they gazed at the moon while on Redcar beach.
Although she originally wanted to be an astronaut, she realised at the age of ten that this was impractical.
She attended Huntcliff School where she worked towards her GCE Ordinary Levels.
Whilst a student at Prior Pursglove and Stockton Sixth Form College, Haswell was interested in art, mathematics and physics, and was a fan of the television show "Star Trek".
One of her physics teachers was rumoured to be biased against girls, and despite Haswell achieving the highest grades possible in her A-level exams, refused to write her a reference to study physics at university.
She eventually studied mathematics at the University of Oxford, but wanted to apply mathematics to the real world and became tired of abstract proofs.
Haswell eventually spoke to Donald Blackwell who helped her transfer courses, and enrolled on a physics degree at University College, Oxford.
During her time as an undergraduate student, Haswell was President of the Oxford University Astronomical Society and rowed in the Summer Eights.
Haswell earned her doctorate at the University of Texas at Austin, where she worked on black hole binaries.
She attended the Hubble Space Telescope launch in 1990.
She later joined the Space Telescope Science Institute, where she worked on accretion flow and multi-wavelength observations.
In 1994, Haswell moved to Columbia University, where she worked on black hole X-ray transients and cataclysmic variable stars.
She was made a lecturer at the Barnard College where one of her students was Lauryn Hill.
Haswell moved back to the United Kingdom in 1996 and was made a lecturer at the University of Sussex.
Since 1999, she has been at the Open University, at first still working working on black holes and accreting binary stars and switching to exoplanet research in 2003.
Early work on exoplanets was not well funded, and Haswell has spoken about using second hand Canon camera lenses to make suitable telescopes.
First working on accreting binary stars, and then exoplanets.
In particular, Haswell studies short period exoplanets.
Since 2012 she has led the "Dispersed Matter Planet Project", which involves the analysis of light from nearby stars to identify which host mass-losing planets.
In 2018 Haswell was part of the team that was first to identify a planet around Barnard's Star, the closest single (non-binary) star to Earth, a red dwarf star that is six light years away from Earth.
Using the radial velocity method, the team discovered Barnard's Star b.
The solar system around Barnard's Star touches on the edge of the Oort cloud.
Barnard's Star b has a mass three times that of Earth and orbits Barnard's Star in 233 days.
Haswell has predicted that the planet may have a similar surface temperature to Europa.
In 2019 Haswell used the High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher (HARPS) to discover six extraordinarily hot exoplanets (with surface temperatures between 1100 and 1800 °C).
At temperatures this high the atmosphere and surface levels of the planet can be lost, and the materials disperse into a thin sheet of gas.
The gas filters the light from nearby stars, which allowed Haswell and colleagues to study the chemical composition of the atmosphere of the gas sheet.
The planets have masses equivalent to 2.6 times the mass of the Earth with almost half the mass of Jupiter.
Haswell has proposed that these planets could be used to understand the geology of the rocky planets in Earth's solar system.
She is part of the team for CHaracterising ExOPlanets Satellite (CHEOPS), which will examine known exoplanets to improve our understanding of their sizes.
CHEOPS, which features a 35 cm telescope, launched in December 2019.
Haswell has been featured in a Royal Astronomical Society exhibition on women fellows.
She regularly provides expert opinion to the national media and is involved with various outreach programmes through the International Astronomical Union.
Haswell was awarded the Open University Outreach and Public Engagement Award for her work targeted at people with low science capital in Teesside.
Haswell has a daughter.
She is interested in the stock market and has used her understanding of astrophysics to buy and sell stocks.
Haswell's publications include:
Oldknows Factory, Nottingham
The Oldknows Factory is a former lace factory on St Ann's Hill Road, in the city of Nottingham in England.
The factory is formed of two 18th century factories, which have since been joined.
The original purpose of both factories was the manufacture of lace.
It's since been converted to house artist studios, workshops, and offices to rent.
The original structure remains as a Grade II-listed building.
Lata Brandisová
Countess Marie Immaculata Brandisová, also known as Lata Brandisová or Lata von Brandis, (26 June 1895 – 12 May 1981) was a Czech equestrian and the only woman to win the Great Pardubice Steeplechase.
Her victory over the Nazi officers at the 1937 race, seen as a symbol of Czech resistance against Nazi Germany, was celebrated with parades attended by thousands of people.
She is the subject of Richard Askwith's book "Unbreakable: The Woman Who Defied The Nazis In The World’s Most Dangerous Horse Race".
Brandisová was born on 26 June 1895 at Schäffer Castle in Úmonín, Austria-Hungary (now the Czech Republic) to Count Leopold von Brandis and Johanna von Schäffer.
She was a member of an old Tyrolean family that had been ennobled in 1580, but later became impoverished.
Her father, a horse breeder, had served as a lieutenant colonel in the Austrian army.
Her mother was the daughter of Christian Ritter von Schäffer.
Her paternal grandmother, Countess Barbara Kinská, was the sister of Count Oktavian Kinsky, who was one of the founders of the Great Pardubice Steeplechase.
She had a twin sister, Countess Marie Kristýna Brandisová.
In 1897 they moved from Schäffer Castle to a chateau in Řitka owned by her mother.
Brandisová began horseback riding when she was eight years old and grew up attending horse races with her father.
In 1916, at the age of 21, she competed in her first horse race.
During the First World War, her father and brother, Count Nicholas von Brandis, went off to fight.
Her brother was killed in action in Italy.
Much of their property was seized y the government during the war.
After the establishment of Czechoslovakia, the family lost much of their remaining property.
She continued her training at the Prague-Velká Chuchle Racecourse and, in 1921, won her first women's race.
In 1926 her cousin Count Zdenko Radslav Kinský, a nephew of Oktavian, invited her to Orlík Castle to breed Kinsky horses for hurdle racing.
She continued to train as a horse racer at Velká Churchle and Veveří Castle under the coaching of Karel Šmejda.
In 1927 she signed up to race in the Great Pardubice Steeplechase.
Her enlistment in the race caused controversy, and she was faced with protests as the race was seen as too dangerous for a woman.
Petitions were made to the Czechoslovak Jockey Club to have Brandisová removed from the race.
The Jockey Club decided that she would be allowed to race, following advice from the Royal Jockey Club in Great Britain.
The Great Pardubice of 1927 was the first time a woman raced, and the first time a French rider raced (Count Alexandre de la Forest).
Brandisová placed fifth, after falling three times on the race track.
In 1933 she raced in the Great Pardubice on a mare named Norma and placed third.
A year later she placed second, and in 1935 she placed fifth.
In 1937 she raced with Norma in the 56th Great Pardubice.
At this time, there was extreme tension between Czechoslovakia and the neighboring Nazi Germany, with the Czechs fearing an invasion.
Over 40,000 people attended the race, hoping to see a Czech jockey defeat the Germans, who had been consecutive champions in the Great Pardubice over the last few years.
On 17 October 1937, Brandisová became the first woman to win the race, seven lengths ahead of a German rider.
Celebrations culminated with a 10,000 person parade from the racecourse to town square in Pardubice.
The race was not held again until after World War II.
Germany invaded Czechoslavkia in 1939, and Brandisová's estate was seized by the Nazi government.
During the war, she joined the Czech Resistance, providing food for resistance fighters and tending to wounded soldiers during the Liberation of Prague.
After the war, Brandisová raced again in the Grand Parduice, failing to finish in 1947.
After the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1948, she and her sisters moved into cottage in the woods, where they lived in relative poverty throughout the Communist regime.
She died from pneumonia in Reiteregg, Austria on 12 May 1981.
2020 MNL-2
The 2020 National League 2, also known as the 2020 MPT Myanmar National League 2, is the 8th season of the MNL-2, the second division league for association football clubs since its founding in 2012.
The 1st transfer window is from 9 November 2019 to 10 January 2020 .
The 2nd mid season transfer window is from 6 April 2020 to 7 May 2020.
Relegated from the 2019 Myanmar National League
Myanma Posts and Telecommunications signed 3 years contract with MNL.
They help to develop Myanmar Football and Youth program.
Fixtures and Results of the Myanmar National League 2020 season.
Sottile
Sottile is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
John Mulaney &amp; the Sack Lunch Bunch
John Mulaney & the Sack Lunch Bunch is a children's musical comedy special created by John Mulaney that debuted on Netflix on December 24, 2019.
The show was written by Mulaney and Marika Sawyer and inspired by classic children's television series "Sesame Street", "The Electric Company" and "The Great Space Coaster".
Eli Bolin composed the music, with lyrics from Mulaney and Sawyer.
Performing with Mulaney are 15 child actors and singers, aged 8–13.
Celebrity cameos include Richard Kind, André De Shields, David Byrne, Natasha Lyonne, Annaleigh Ashford, and Jake Gyllenhaal as "Mr.
Music."
The program is a one-hour long variety special that presents itself as one episode of a larger series.
The special consists of several songs, skits, and activities interspersed with scripted segments of Mulaney chatting with the Bunch as well as unscripted interviews with both the children and the adult guest stars about their greatest fears and acting background.
Jake, ostensibly in character as a younger version of Mulaney, sings a song about his grandmother's boyfriend Paul and his many quirks, while wondering why the rest of his family hasn't accepted Paul.
Jonah summarizes a fictional book he has read called "Sascha's Dad Does Drag and the Act Needs Work", a book with a comically frank depiction of drag culture from the perspective of the son of an aging drag queen.
Mulaney plays the producer of a fictional Sony Animation film called "Bamboo 2: Bamboozled" which is being focus grouped by the entire Bunch.
The skit pokes fun at the kids' viewing habits and the tropes of modern western animation.
A father, played by Mulaney, hires a math tutor (André De Shields) to help his son Jonah with algebra.
The Tutor performs an elaborate Dixieland-style jazz number about how not knowing math caused him to lose his eye - however, it turns out to be a shaggy dog story, with his eye being unexpectedly saved at the last minute, and he reveals afterwards that he had simply lost his eye by accident while performing the song.
A transitional scene focused on Googy, supposedly a recurring "Sack Lunch Bunch" character, is interrupted when Mulaney is forced to reveal to the kids that the actor who played Googy passed away, subsequently having a frank conversation about death.
During lunchtime, Orson breaks into song about how he will only ever eat one food: "a plain plate of noodles with a little bit of butter."
Mulaney and Tyler play a chess game and continually try to throw one another off with existential questions and absurd facts.
Suri urges Mulaney to play "restaurant" with her, only for the game to end abruptly when Suri refuses to allow him entry into her imaginary restaurant.
Actor Richard Kind has an unscripted discussion with Ava, Cordelia, and Camille about movies, his career, and their experiences in plays.
Nearly every sentence contains the phrase "girl talk."
Lexi and her friend prepare to put on a skit in front of the guests at her parents' dinner party.
However, when all of the guests talk over the performance, she and her friend (David Byrne) launch into a musical number urging the guests to pay attention and explaining what they planned to do in the skit, including cartwheels, acting out the entirety of "Frozen", and a fake newscast while wearing an enormous blazer.
Zell and Oriah perform a dramatic '80s-inspired power ballad wondering what happens to flowers at night.
Jacob and David Byrne make a papier-mâché volcano despite Byrne's childhood fear of volcanoes.
While Mulaney asks about the Bunch's top New York moments, Alex recalls a time he was in New York and saw a woman (Annaleigh Ashford) crying on the street.
He wonders in song about what would happen if he had gone up to her and asked what was wrong, and imagines the friendship they may have shared if he had done so.
Special guest Mr. Music (Jake Gyllenhaal) attempts to demonstrate how one can make music without instruments.
However Mr. Music, having failed to prepare for his segment, grows increasingly exasperated as the objects around the studio he tries to use as examples fail to make any sound.
The special ends with a final round of interviews with all of the child and adult performers.
While appearing on "Patriot Act with Hasan Minhaj", Mulaney described the special as being inspired by other educational children's programs such as "Sesame Street", "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", "The Electric Company", and even more specifically, shows like "Free to Be... You and Me", and "3-2-1 Contact".
According to "Variety", the special is co-written by Marika Sawyer ("Saturday Night Live") and music composer Eli Bolin ("Sesame Street", "Original Cast Album: Co-Op"), who drew inspiration from musical influences including Burt Bacharach, Howard Ashman and Alan Menken, and Trinidadian calypso legend Mighty Sparrow.
They turned to pieces like Maurice Sendak and Carole King's "Really Rosie", which Mulaney remembered from childhood, and Harry Nilsson's "The Point," which were also fueled by catchy songs and extremely relatable anxieties.
"As a kid, we watched movies like "Little Shop of Horrors" and "Clue", and they didn't seem inappropriate – and I don't think they are," Mulaney says.
"But they had a lot of tension to them."
On November 22, 2019, Mulaney tweeted a poster of "The Sack Lunch Bunch" which was in the style of the artwork for the cast recording album of "A Chorus Line".
On December 12, 2019, Netflix released a teaser in promotion for the special which plays as an homage to Bob Fosse's classic film "All That Jazz".
The teaser opens as an almost shot for shot recreation of the opening of "All That Jazz", with Mulaney dressed all in black playing the role of Roy Scheider's Fosse.
The special has been universally praised, receiving an 95% fresh score on Rotten Tomatoes and has an 87% on Metacritic.
Critic Alan Sepinwall of "Rolling Stone Magazine", wrote "It is, like "Galaxy Quest", or "The Princess Bride", one of those gems that manages to simultaneously parody a genre and be an excellent recreation of it."
Critic Erik Adams, from "The A.V.
Club" gave the special an A rating, writing, "The Sack Lunch Bunch is an unconventional package, but its ingredients are pure John Mulaney".
Richard Roeper of "The Chicago Sun-Times", and John Anderson of "The Wall Street Journal" both praised the special describing it more as "effective conceptual art than a variety show".
Mulaney has suggested in an interview with "Vulture" that he hopes to do another "Sack Lunch Bunch" special, and that he has material that didn't make it into the first one that he hopes to explore in later specials.
2019 Spengler Cup
The 93rd Spengler Cup was held from 26 to 31 December 2019 at the Vaillant Arena, Davos.
2019 World Para Athletics Championships – Men's 800 metres
The men's 800 metres at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships was held in Dubai on 7, 9, 12 and 15 November 2019.
List of Big Brother (British series 18) housemates
The following is a list of housemates in the eighteenth series of "Big Brother UK".
Andrew Cruickshanks is a hairdresser from Glasgow.
He was one of the four potential people to enter on Day 1 as the "People's Housemate" but was beaten by Tom.
He entered the house on Day 25 as one of four "Second Chance" housemates.
This meant he was not eligible to win the series, however, the "Second Chance" housemate who placed the highest would take £15,000 from the overall prize fund.
On Day 44, Andrew's team won "The Steal", therefore each member were given the opportunity to individual steal the overall stolen money.
As Andrew pressed his buzzer first, he earned himself £18,900.
However this came at a cost as he was then forced to evict a housemate.
He chose to evict Sam, the only other remaining "Second Chance" housemate.
This earned him the £15,000 "Second Chance" prize, bringing his total winnings to £33,900.
He left the house during the final on Day 54.
Arthur Fulford, aged 24, is from Devon.
Before "Big Brother", Arthur appeared on "The F***ing Fulfords" and "Life Is Toff" alongside his family.
He entered the house on Day 1, and was immediately chosen to be exiled by "People's Housemate" Tom.
This meant he would face the first eviction.
He survived this eviction on Day 5.
However, on Day 7, he left the house for unexplained reasons.
Chanelle McCleary, aged 24, is a model and care assistant from Manchester.
Before "Big Brother", Chanelle appeared on the sixth series of "Ex on the Beach".
She entered the house on Day 1, and was immediately chosen to be exiled by "People's Housemate" Tom.
This meant she would face the first eviction.
She survived this eviction on Day 5.
On Day 8, she received a formal warning for her behaviour towards Kieran.
Chanelle received another formal and final warning on Day 13 following an argument with Kayleigh her behaviour was deemed as threatening.
On Day 15, she was nominated to face the third eviction by her fellow housemates.
On Day 18, she survived this eviction.
Due to unacceptable behaviour from multiple housemates on Day 20, the housemates were told that they would all face the fourth eviction, however Chanelle survived this on Day 25, receiving just 4.71% of the public vote to evict.
On Day 37, Chanelle became the first victim of "The Hunt' after being randomly targeted by her fellow housemates.
This meant that she faced the sixth eviction.
She survived a backdoor eviction in the early hours of Day 40, and was later saved from eviction by her fellow housemates during the eviction show later that day.
On Day 45, Chanelle was nominated to face the next eviction.
She was evicted with the most votes during a double eviction on Day 47.
Chanelle made a brief return to the house on Day 51 during a task which saw Deborah and Kieran participate in a fake wedding.
Charlotte Keys, aged 24, is an estate agent from Doncaster.
She is the daughter of fellow housemate Mandy.
She entered the house on Day 1, and was immediately chosen to be exiled by "People's Housemate" Tom, putting her place in the house at risk.
She was rewarded with citizenship on Day 3.
On Day 8, she was nominated for the second eviction by her fellow housemates.
She survived this eviction on Day 12.
Due to unacceptable behaviour from multiple housemates on Day 20, the housemates were told that they would all face the fourth eviction.
She survived this eviction on Day 25 having only received 2.35% of the vote to evict.
On Day 28, Charlotte was nominated to face the fifth eviction.
She survived this eviction on Day 33.
On Day 48, Charlotte was chosen along with Isabelle to face the eighth eviction by Hannah and Tom, who had been watching their fellow housemates from "The Attic".
This ultimately led to her eviction on Day 50, when she left through the backdoor after receiving the most votes to evict.
Deborah Agboola, aged 25, is a digital analyst from London but was born in Nigeria.
She is the older sister of fellow housemate Hannah.
She entered the house on Day 1.
Deborah was automatically nominated for the fourth eviction after housemates were told they would all face eviction as punishment for their behaviour.
On Day 21, she received a formal warning for using aggressive behaviour the previous night.
She survived the fourth eviction on Day 25 after only receiving 1.92% of the public vote to evict.
Deborah left the house in third place on Day 54 with 14.02% of the overall final vote to win.
Ellie Young, aged 23, is a till operator from Castleford.
Before "Big Brother", Ellie appeared as a cast member in "Ibiza Weekender".
She entered the house on Day 1.
Ellie was automatically nominated for the fourth eviction after housemates were told they would all face eviction as punishment for their behaviour.
Ellie survived this eviction on Day 25 after receiving just 3.26% of the public vote to evict.
She was later nominated on Day 45 to face the next eviction.
On Day 47, Ellie was evicted during a double eviction.
Hannah Agboola, aged 23, is a make-up store host from London but was born in Nigeria, and is the current reigning Miss Nigeria UK.
She is the younger sister of fellow housemate Deborah.
She entered the house on Day 1. and was immediately chosen to be exiled by "People's Housemate" Tom, putting her place in the house at risk.
She was rewarded with citizenship on Day 3.
She was nominated by her fellow housemates on Day 15, and therefore faced the third eviction.
She survived this eviction on Day 18, but on Day 20, she was nominated once more, this time to face the fourth eviction.
Hannah survived the eviction on Day 25, receiving only 11.9% of the vote to evict.
She was later nominated on Day 45 to face the next eviction.
Hannah survived this eviction on Day 47, but was then chosen along with Tom by her fellow housemates to be evicted through the backdoor.
However unbeknownst to them, this eviction was fake and both Hannah and Tom moved to "The Attic" where they were able to spy on their fellow housemates and ultimately decide who would face the final eviction.
On Day 48, they chose Charlotte and Isabelle.
They returned to the house on Day 49.
On Day 52, Hannah was evicted through the backdoor, just two days before the final after receiving only 0.59% of the overall final vote to win.
Imran Javeed, aged 39, is an entrepreneur from Leeds.
He is the husband of fellow housemate Sukhvinder.
He grew up in a strict Muslim family, so his relationship with Sukhvinder, who is a Sikh, was frowned upon, so they married in secret at the age of 17.
He entered the house on Day 1.
On Day 3, Imran was chosen by "People's Housemate" Tom to be exiled, meaning he would face the first eviction.
During the eviction, on Day 5 it was revealed that Imran and Mandy had received the fewest votes.
It was then up to Tom to choose who would be evicted.
He chose to evict Mandy, subsequently saving Imran.
He was then nominated again on Day 8 to face the second eviction, this time by his fellow housemates.
He became the second housemate to be evicted on Day 12 having received the fewest votes.
His wife Sukhvinder then decided to leave the house with him despite surviving eviction.
Imran made a brief return to the house on Day 51 during a task which saw Deborah and Kieran participate in a fake wedding.
Isabelle Warburton, aged 21, is unemployed from Warrington.
She entered the house on Day 16 during a dating task, where Chanelle, Lotan and Kieran were able to choose which of three hopefuls would become official housemates.
They chose Savannah and Isabelle.
On Day 20, she was nominated to face the fourth eviction.
She survived this eviction on Day 25 after receiving 26.95% of the votes to evict.
On Day 38, Isabelle became the third victim of "The Hunt' after sacrificing herself over Sam.
This meant that she faced the sixth eviction.
She survived a backdoor eviction in the early hours of Day 40, and then again later on that day during the eviction show with the fewest votes to evict.
On Day 48, Isabelle was chosen along with Charlotte to face the final eviction by Hannah and Tom, who had been watching their fellow housemates from "The Attic".
She survived this eviction on Day 50.
Isabelle left the house on Day 54 as the winner after receiving 52.71% of the overall final vote to win.
Joseph "Joe" Quaranta, aged 56, is a nightclub owner from South London.
Before "Big Brother", he appeared in "Tenerife Uncovered" and "King of Clubs".
He entered the house on Day 1.
During a task on Day 7, Joe was given the punishment of giving a killer nomination.
He chose Raph.
On Day 15, he was nominated to face the third eviction, but survived it on Day 18.
Joe was automatically nominated for the fourth eviction after housemates were told they would all face eviction as punishment for their behaviour.
He survived this eviction on Day 25 after receiving just 3.22% of the public vote to evict.
On Day 28, Joe was then nominated to face the fifth eviction by his fellow housemates.
On Day 33, he received the most votes to evict and became the fifth housemate to be evicted.
Kayleigh Morris, aged 28, is a clothing concession manager from Port Talbot, but now lives in London.
Before "Big Brother", Kayleigh appeared on the second and fifth series of "Ex on the Beach" alongside former celebrity housemates Charlotte Crosby, Chloe Goodman and Stephen Bear.
She entered the house on Day 1.
On Day 8, it was revealed that Kayleigh was nominated for the second eviction.
She survived this on Day 12.
Kayleigh was removed from the house on Day 13 due to threats of physical violence.
Kieran Lee, aged 25, is a CCTV installation engineer from Lancashire.
He is also the colleague of fellow housemate Rebecca.
Before "Big Brother", Kieran appeared on the fourth series of "Ex on the Beach" alongside former celebrity housemates Megan McKenna and Scotty T. He entered the house on Day 1.
On Day 12, he was granted immunity from the next eviction by VIP house guest Marnie Simpson.
Due to unacceptable behaviour from multiple housemates on Day 20, the housemates were told that they would all face the fourth eviction.
He survived this eviction on Day 25, and only received 1.57% of the public vote to evict.
On Day 45, Kieran was nominated to face the next eviction.
He survived this on Day 47, but was evicted on Day 52 through the backdoor after receiving only 1.52% of the overall final vote to win.
Lotan Carter, aged 28 from Essex, was a member of the dance group The Dreamboys.
He is also the nephew of former "Celebrity Big Brother" housemate Louie Spence.
Before "Big Brother", Lotan appeared on "Pineapple Dance Studios" alongside Louie.
He entered the house on Day 1, and was immediately chosen to be exiled by "People's Housemate" Tom.
This meant he would face the first eviction.
He survived this eviction on Day 5.
On Day 12, Lotan was granted immunity from the next eviction by VIP house guest Gemma Collins.
On Day 20, he was nominated to face the fourth eviction.
Lotan was removed from the house on Day 21 following aggressive behaviour.
Amanda "Mandy" Longworth, aged 51, is an antiques dealer from Doncaster.
Mandy is the mother of fellow housemate Charlotte.
She entered the house on Day 1.
On Day 3, Mandy was chosen by "People's Housemate" Tom to be exiled, meaning she would face the first eviction.
During the eviction on Day 5, it was revealed that Mandy and Imran had received the fewest votes.
Tom then had to choose who to evict.
He chose Mandy meaning she became the first housemate to be evicted.
Mandy briefly returned to the house on Day 36, visiting Charlotte during the weekly shopping task.
Raphael "Raph" Korine, aged 22, is a psychology student at the University of Exeter.
He is half American, half Japanese.
He entered the house on Day 1, and was immediately chosen to be exiled by "People's Housemate" Tom.
This meant he would face the first eviction.
He survived this eviction on Day 5.
During a task on Day 7, Joe was given the punishment of a killer nomination to give.
He decided to nominate Raph, who therefore automatically faced the second eviction.
On Day 12, he survived this eviction, and was granted immunity from the next eviction by VIP house guest Nicola McLean.
Raph was automatically nominated for the fourth eviction after housemates were told they would all face eviction as punishment for their behaviour.
He survived this eviction on Day 25 after receiving 0.8% of the public vote to evict, the least out of all eleven housemates facing eviction.
Raph left the house on Day 54 as the runner-up after receiving 22.02% of the overall final vote to win.
Rebecca Jane, aged 32, is the owner of a detective agency from Clitheroe.
She is the colleague of fellow housemate Kieran.
She entered the house on Day 1, and was immediately chosen to be exiled by "People's Housemate" Tom.
This meant she would face the first eviction.
She survived this eviction on Day 5, but was then nominated on Day 8 by her fellow housemates to face the second eviction.
She survived eviction for a second time on Day 12.
She was then nominated for the third week in a row on Day 15, and on Day 18 she became the third housemate to be evicted after receiving the fewest votes.
Rebecca made a brief return to the house on Day 51 during a task which saw Deborah and Kieran participate in a fake wedding.
Sam Chaloner, aged 24 is a construction worker from Derbyshire.
Before "Big Brother", Sam appeared on "Undressed", "Meet the Parents", "Coach Trip", and "Ibiza Weekender".
He briefly entered the house on Day 16 as a potential housemate during a task but was not chosen.
He re-entered the house on Day 25 as one of four "Second Chance" housemates.
This meant he was not eligible to win the series, however the "Second Chance" housemate who placed the highest would take £15,000 from the overall prize fund.
On Day 44, Sam became the eighth housemate to be evicted after Andrew was forced to choose a housemate to evict following his win during "The Steal".
However, Sam did not leave the house until Day 47.
Savannah O'Reilly, aged 26, is a singer from The Liberties in Ireland.
She entered the house on Day 16 during a dating task, where Chanelle, Lotan and Kieran were able to choose which of three hopefuls would become official housemates.
They chose Savannah and Isabelle.
Savannah was automatically nominated for the fourth eviction after housemates were told they would all face eviction as punishment for their behaviour.
She became the fourth housemate to be evicted on Day 25 having received 36.32% of the public vote to evict.
Simone Reed, aged 28, is from Teesside.
She was one of the four potential people to enter on Day 1 as the "People's Housemate" but was beaten by Tom.
She entered the house on Day 25, as one of four "Second Chance" housemates.
This meant she was not eligible to win the series, however the "Second Chance" housemate who placed the highest would take £15,000 from the overall prize fund.
On Day 37, Simone became the second victim of "The Hunt" after being targeted by her fellow housemates, meaning that she would face the sixth eviction.
She was evicted through the backdoor in the early hours of Day 40 after receiving the most votes to evict.
Susan "Sue" Evans, aged 48, is a television producer from Bedfordshire.
Before "Big Brother", Sue appeared on other television shows with her daughter Imani including "Meet the Parents", "Judge Geordie", "If Katie Hopkins Ruled the World", and "The Kitchen".
She was one of the four potential people to enter on Day 1 as the "People's Housemate" but was beaten by Tom.
She will enter the house on Day 25, as one of four "Second Chance" housemates.
This meant she was not eligible to win the series, however the "Second Chance" housemate who placed the highest would take £15,000 from the overall prize fund.
On Day 38, Sue became the fourth and final victim of "The Hunt" after being targeted by Chanelle, Isabelle and Simone meaning that she would face the sixth eviction.
Despite surviving the backdoor eviction in the early hours of Day 40, Sue was later evicted during the eviction show that day after failing to be saved by her fellow housemates.
Sue made a brief return to the house on Day 51 during a task which saw Deborah and Kieran participate in a fake wedding.
Sukhvinder Javeed, aged 38, is an entrepreneur from Leeds.
She is the wife of fellow housemate Imran.
She grew up in a strict Sikh family, so her relationship with Imran, who is a Muslim, was frowned upon, so they married in secret at the age of 17.
She entered the house on Day 1, and was immediately chosen to be exiled by "People's Housemate" Tom.
This meant she would face the first eviction.
She survived this eviction on Day 5, but was then nominated on Day 8 by her fellow housemates to face the second eviction.
Although she survived this eviction, she decided to leave the house following her husband Imran's eviction on Day 12.
Sukhvinder made a brief return to the house on Day 51 during a task which saw Deborah and Kieran participate in a fake wedding.
Thomas "Tom" Barber, aged 21, is a nightclub worker from Swansea.
He entered the house on Day 1 after being voted in by the public and chosen to be the "People's Housemate" meaning they would be able to control his time in the house.
His first decision was to choose eight housemates to exile and therefore put their housemate status at risk.
To aid his decision he took part in a live Facebook web chat.
On Day 3, Tom was given the chance to finalise his choice of exiled housemates.
He chose Arthur, Chanelle, Imran, Lotan, Mandy, Raph, Rebecca and Sukhvinder meaning they would all face the first eviction.
On Day 5, Tom's final decision came during the eviction show after it was revealed that Imran and Mandy had received the fewest votes.
It was then up to Tom to decide who should be evicted.
He chose to evict Mandy.
After this, his time as "People's Housemate" came to an end.
On Day 20, he was nominated to face the fourth eviction.
He also received a formal and final warning for his behaviour the previous night.
He survived the fourth eviction on Day 25, after receiving just 6.99% of the public vote to evict.
Tom was then nominated again on Day 28, this time to face the fifth eviction.
He survived this eviction on Day 33.
Tom was later nominated on Day 45 to face the next eviction.
He survived this double eviction on Day 47, but was then chosen along with Hannah by his fellow housemates to be evicted through the backdoor.
However unbeknownst to them, this eviction was fake and both Hannah and Tom moved to "The Attic" where they were able to spy on their fellow housemates and ultimately decide who would face the final eviction.
On Day 48, they chose Charlotte and Isabelle.
They returned to the house on Day 49.
He left the house on Day 54 in fourth place after receiving 9.34% of the overall final vote to win.
John Coupland Hospital
John Coupland Hospital is a healthcare facility in Ropery Road, Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, England.
It is managed by the United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust.
The facility, which was founded by George Coupland in memory of his father John Coupland, was built in the Georgian style and opened on 24 September 1913.
It treated British and Belgian military casualties during the First World War.
It joined the National Health Service in 1948 and a major programme of fire protection works was carried out at the hospital in December 2017.
2013–14 NCAA Division III men's ice hockey season
The 2013–14 NCAA Division III men's ice hockey season began on October 26, 2013, and concluded on March 22, 2014.
This was the 41st season of Division III college ice hockey.
The WIAC began sponsoring ice hockey for the 2013–14 season.
Because the conference contained only five active ice hockey programs (below the minimum of seven required by the NCAA) the league did not receive an automatic bid to the NCAA tournament for its conference tournament champion.
The NCHA, with only two teams remaining, then merged with the MCHA.
The new league would retain the NCHA name and preserve its automatic qualifier.
Talbot Lake (Petite rivière Pikauba)
Talbot Lake is a freshwater body crossed by the Petite rivière Pikauba, in the unorganized territory of Lac-Pikauba, in the Charlevoix Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province from Quebec, to Canada.
Lac Talbot is part of the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
The area around the lake is served indirectly by the route 175 which passes on its west bank.
Some secondary forest roads serve this area for forestry and recreational tourism activities .
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of Talbot Lake is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds near Talbot Lake are:
Talbot Lake turns out to be a widening of the Petite rivière Pikauba, a tributary of the Pikauba River.
Its current outline is dependent on the erection of a dam at its discharge; its southern and western shores are formed of marshy soil.
Talbot Lake has a length of , a width of and an altitude of .
This lake is mainly fed by the Petite rivière Pikauba which crosses this lake to the northeast, by riparian streams, by the outlet (coming from the southwest) from Lake Maskwa and by the outlet (coming from the north -est) of several lakes including Decoigne, Beloeil, Lanctôt, Lalonde and Dumais.
This lake is surrounded by mountains on the east and south sides, whose peaks reach to the northeast and to the east.
The dike at the mouth of Talbot Lake is located to the northwest, at:
From the mouth of Talbot Lake, the current follows the course of:
The term "Talbot" is a family name of French origin.
The Quebec Geography Commission adopted the toponym "Talbot Lake" in 1949; this toponym evokes the work of life of Antonio Talbot (1900-1980).
This lawyer, born in the Montmagny region, first settled in Quebec, where he practiced law after his studies at Laval University.
In 1928, he lived in Saguenay, his new adopted homeland; he was deputy for Chicoutimi in Quebec from 1938 to 1965.
Ardent defender of his region, Antonio Talbot as Minister of Highways, from 1944 to 1960, ensures the completion of the road connecting Quebec to Saguenay – Lac-Saint-Jean.
This long-awaited road link finally makes this region more accessible, which could then only be reached through the Baie-Saint-Paul hinterland.
The road was completed in 1951 and, since 1999, the section has been known as the Antonio-Talbot road .
The toponym Lac Talbot was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Alamgir Alam
Alamgir Alam is an Indian politician.
He is a four-term MLA for Pakaur constituency in the Jharkhand Vidhan Sabha as a member of the Indian National Congress.
Alam has been elected to the Jharkhand assembly in the 2000, 2004, 2014 and 2019 elections while he lost in the 2009 elections.
Alam served as the Speaker of the Jharkhand assembly between October 20, 2006 and December 12, 2009.
In the 2019 Jharkhand Legislative Assembly election, Alam retained his seat, defeating Akil Akhtar, who had previously held the seat following the 2009 elections.
Following the elections in which Congress emerged victorious alongside its coalition partners JMM and RJD, Alam was elected the leader of the Congress Legislature Party.
On December 29, 2019, Alam was among the initial four members sworn into the state Cabinet along with Chief Minister Hemant Soren, Rameshwar Oraon and Satyanand Bhokta.
The Novel Magazine
The Novel Magazine was the first British all-fiction pulp magazine.
It ran from 1905 to 1937 when it was absorbed into "The Grand Magazine".
From 1918 to 1922 "The Novel Magazine" was edited by the writer E. C. Vivian.
Contributors of fiction to "The Novel Magazine" included Rafael Sabatini, Agatha Christie, Elinor Glyn, R. Austin Freeman, Edgar Wallace, Sax Rohmer, Baroness Orczy and P. G. Wodehouse.
The Total Money Makeover
The Total Money Makeover: A Proven Plan for Financial Fitness is a best-selling personal finance book written by Dave Ramsey that was first published in 2003.
"The Total Money Makeover" teaches individuals how to get out of debt as well as how to budget.
The book teaches the seven baby steps to follow in order to achieve financial stability, planning ahead for upcoming financial events, like retirement, and shares stories of individuals and couples that have done so successfully.
The seven baby steps are:
As of August 2017, over five million copies have been sold and the book has been on "The Wall Street Journal" bestsellers list for over 500 weeks.
Jamie Johnson's review for Bankrate stated that, "If you've been struggling with debt and need a step-by-step plan for how to pay it off, ""The Total Money Makeover"" gives you precisely that."
Kathleen Elkins and Libby Kane wrote for the Business Insider, "Financial guru Dave Ramsey doesn't shower his readers with quick fixes in ""The Total Money Makeover"."
He provides a bold approach to finance matters and gets to the bottom of money problems: "you".
Ministry of Health and Medical Services
Ministry of Health and Medical Services may refer to:
My Holo Love
My Holo Love () is an upcoming South Korean television series starring Yoon Hyun-min and Ko Sung-hee.
It is set to be released on Netflix on February 7, 2020.
Because of her face blindness disorder, Han So-yeon decided to live a reclusive life.
This changes when she starts using the AI program Holo whose appearance is the same as the developer's assistant, Go Nan-do.
The latter slowly falls in love with So-yeon but his cold personality, which contrasts with Holo's, isn't in his favor.
Ministry of Health and Medical Services (Kiribati)
The Ministry of Health and Medical Services (MHMS) is a governmental ministry of Kiribati.
It is partnered with the World Bank, Unicef, Australian Aid, UNFPA, and New Zealand Foreign Affairs and Trade.
American Association of Hispanics in Higher Education
The American Association of Hispanics in Higher Education (AAHHE) represents professional academics, researchers, educators, and students in the United States of America and focuses on issues affecting Hispanics in higher education.
It functions as a United States nonprofit 501(c)(3) membership society.
AAHHE was originally the Hispanic caucus of the American Association of Higher Education (AAHE) and was formed in 2005 after that organization went defunct, to address the under representation of Hispanics in higher education.
It does so by highlighting scholarship focusing on the social issues of Hispanics, the shaping of educational policies, and the professional development of Hispanic faculty and administrators.
The organization holds an annual meeting and offers a fellowship program for graduate students and junior faculty.
Presidents of the society have included:
Past Tomás Rivera lecturers have included: Nobel Laureate Toni Morrison and U.S. Secretary Henry Cisneros.
The association sponsors several awards including:
Past winners include:
Ministry of Health and Medical Services (Fiji)
Ministry of Health and Medical Services (MOH) is a government ministry of Fiji.
Its head office is in the Dinem House in Toorak, Suva.
The Star of Valencia (French-language film)
The Star of Valencia (French: L'étoile de Valencia) is a 1933 drama film directed by Serge de Poligny and starring Brigitte Helm, Jean Gabin and Simone Simon.
It was the French-language version of the German film "The Star of Valencia".
Such multi-language versions were common in the era before dubbing became widespread.
While made by largely the same crew except the director, it features a completely different cast.
It was produced by UFA at the Babelsberg Studios, and distributed by the company's French subsidiary L'Alliance Cinématographique Européenne.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Otto Hunte.
It incorporated footage shot on location in Mallorca from the German film.
Alnön old church
Alnön old church () is a medieval church on the island of Alnön, Sundsvall Municipality, Sweden.
The oldest part of the church probably originates from the 13th century.
The church is mentioned in 1314 as subordinate to Skön, and Alnön became its own pastorate only in 1892.
It is thought that the sacristy and the cemetery were built in the 15th century.
In 1778, a wooden porch was added.
The windows in the southern and eastern walls were enlarged in the 18th century.
It was built by local inhabitants.
By 1863, the church became too small, and Alnön new church was built nearby.
After that, the old church was disused and only restored in the 1927 under direction of Erik Salvén.
Medieval frescoes from around 1500 have been preserved.
The church used to keep a wooden baptismal font made in the 13th century, however, it has been moved to the new church.
The weathercock on top of the church was voted in 2008 to be the Church Cock of the Year in Sweden.
The building is protected as a cultural heritage monument at the regional level.
Georget Bertoncello
Georget Bertoncello (3 September 1943 – 22 December 2019) was a Belgian footballer who played as a striker.
Parachanna insignis
Parachanna insignis is a species of ray-finned fish from the snakehead family, Channidae from western central Africa.
Stephen Miles
Stephen Miles may refer to:
Legend (Tchaikovsky)
Legend (Russian: Легенда, "Legenda"), Op.
54, No.
5 (also known as The Crown of Roses in some English-language sources) is a composition by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
Originally written in 1883 as a song for solo voice and piano, it was subsequently arranged by Tchaikovsky for solo voice and orchestra (1884), and then for unaccompanied choir (1889).
The words are based on the poem "Roses and Thorns" by American poet Richard Henry Stoddard, originally published in "Graham's Magazine" of May 1856.
Stoddard's poem was translated into Russian by the poet, Aleksey Pleshcheyev and published in the Russian journal "Sem'ia i shkola" ("Family and School") in 1877.
Pleshcheyev described the origin of the poem only as "translated from the English", without crediting Stoddard, the nature of whose contribution was thus lost.
The poem was included in Pleshcheyev's anthology "Snowdrop" (Подснeжник; 1878), where it was found by Tchaikovsky.
When "Legend" is sung by English-speaking choirs, the words used are usually those of Geoffrey Dearmer, who translated Pleschcheyev's Russian text back into English for the "English Carol Book" (1913).
Dearmer himself was only 20 years old when he wrote the words.
While Pleshcheyev's Russian lyrics are a literal translation of Stoddard, and also copy the original rhyming scheme ABCB, Dearmer uses considerable poetic licence and a new rhyming scheme of AABB.
The song is in the key of E minor, but the lack of any accidentals in the melody gives it a modal character.
The original form of the song has a brief piano introduction and coda.
This is retained in the orchestral arrangement.
In the choral arrangement, the introduction is eliminated, and the piano coda is replaced by a choral coda featuring extremely low basses.
The melody of the original version is shown below:
<score vorbis="1">
\new Staff «
\break
\break
\break
\break
\break
\break
\addlyrics {
\set stanza = #"1. "
\set stanza = #"2. "
Де -- тей ев -- рей -- ских со -- звал он;
О -- ни сор -- ва -- ли по цвет -- ку,
И сад был весь о -- пу -- сто -- шен
\set stanza = #"3. "
„Как ты спле -- тешь те -- перь ве -- нок?
Втво -- ем са -- ду нет бо -- льше роз!“
„Вы по -- за -- бы -- ли, что ши -- пы
Ос -- та -- лись мне“, ска -- зал Хрис -- тос.
\set stanza = #"4. "
И из ши -- пов о -- ни спле -- ли
Ве -- нок ко -- лю -- чий для не -- го,
И ка -- пли кро -- ви вме -- сто роз
Че -- ло у -- кра -- си -- ли е -- го.
»
</score>
The relative major (G major) is prominent in Tchaikovsky's harmonization, as the following fragment, (from the choral arrangement) illustrates:
<score vorbis="1">
\new Staff «
\addlyrics {
»
\new Staff «
</score>
The original version of the music, for solo voice and piano, was published as part of Tchaikovsky's "Songs for Chidren", Op.
54, in 1884.
The orchestra arrangement was made for tenor Dmitri Usatov, who premiered it in April 1884 at the Bolshoi Theatre.
The choral arrangement was premiered by the Chorus of the Imperial Opera under the direction of Fyodor Becker in March 1889.
Both the orchestral and choral arrangements were published in 1890.
The choral arrangement was subsequently performed under Tchaikovsky's direction at the official opening concert of Carnegie Hall in May 1891.
According to the "New York Times" review, it "made a great hit", with the composer being "called out twice after it with great enthusiasm".
An English translation, "When Jesus Christ was yet a child", was made by Geoffrey Dearmer and published in "The English Carol Book" in 1913.
The song was the basis of Anton Arensky's Variations on a Theme by Tchaikovsky, Op.
35a (1894), for string orchestra.
Ministry of Health and Medical Services (Solomon Islands)
Ministry of Health and Medical Services (MHMS) is a government ministry of the Solomon Islands.
Its head office is in Honiara.
The divisions in the ministry are Administration & Management, Health Care, Health Improvement, Health Policy and Planning.
The health care division operates hospitals in the country.
MHMS
MHMS may refer to:
Keep On Chooglin' (song)
"Keep On Chooglin'" is a song written by John Fogerty that was first released as the final song on Creedence Clearwater Revival's 1969 album "Bayou Country".
The song was often used to close Creedence Clearwater Revival concerts and was later covered by several other artists including Fogerty as a solo artist.
The song popularized the neologism "chooglin'."
According to John Fogerty, he began working on "Keep On Chooglin'" (as well as "Born on the Bayou" and "Proud Mary," which also appeared on "Bayou Country") during his time in the US Army Reserves.
He continued working on those songs after his discharge and throughout most of 1968, during which time he came up with the idea to cross-reference the songs as part of a "swamp bayou myth."
John Fogerty biographer Thomas M. Kitts describes "Keep On Chooglin'" as "an energetic rave."
The song builds into a boogie as John Fogerty plays variations on the opening guitar riff and incorporates solos on his harmonica.
John Fogerty claims that some of his guitar playing on "Keep on Chooglin'" is based on the playing of Charlie Christian.
Kitts describes Doug Clifford's drums as "pounding," Stu Cook's bass guitar as "thumping" and Tom Fogerty's rhythm guitar chords as "slashing."
Music writer Steven L. Hamelman praises Clifford's drumming on the song as "a brilliant groove, never wavering."
The song popularized the term "chooglin', which may have been invented by Fogerty."
The lyrics tell the listener that he or she should "keep on chooglin'."
John Fogerty explained the term chooglin' as "what happens when 'you got to ball and have a good time.'"
Similar to Fogerty's explanation, Cook viewed chooglin' as a metaphor for sex.
Lyrics of the song such as "Here comes Louie, works in the sewer, he gonna choogle tonight" imply that chooglin' is especially done by the working class, but other lyrics such as "if you can choose it, who can refuse it, y'all be chooglin' tonight" imply that everyone can choogle.
Clifford described the message to keep on chooglin' as inspirational, "It means keep on going, keep on truckin'.
Things may be bad and look bleak, but believe in yourself, pull up the old bootstraps and get the job done."
According to "Village Voice" critic Robert Christgau, the verb "choogle" "has more to do with vigor than with potency, more to do with simple activity than with sexuality."
"Keep On Chooglin'" has some relationship to "Bootleg," another song from "Bayou Country" in that the singer appears to be a marginalized figure.
The two songs also share similar riffs, and were both designed as "concert ravers."
"Keep On Chooglin'" and "Bootleg" (as well as some other Creedence songs) were both used to demonstrate the similarities between different songs as part of Fogerty's defense in the lawsuit brought against him by Fantasy Records, in which Fantasy claimed that Fogerty's solo song "The Old Man Down the Road" copied the melody from "Run Through the Jungle," a song which Fantasy held the rights to.
"Keep On Chooglin'" also relates to several other songs on "Bayou Country" as one of several songs that maintain an illusion that the band is from the Louisiana backwoods, a group that also includes "Born on the Bayou," "Proud Mary" and "Graveyard Train."
Creedence Clearwater Revival often used "Keep On Chooglin'" as their final song in live concerts.
Although the album version lasted a little under 8 minutes, in concert the song could extend for more than 15 minutes.
Live versions have been included on several Creedence Clearwater Revival live albums, including "Live in Europe", "The Concert" and "Live at Woodstock".
"Keep On Chooglin'" was included on the soundtrack of the 1980 Art Linson film "Where the Buffalo Roam".
John Fogerty has frequently played "Keep On Chooglin'" in his live solo concerts.
Versions have been included on several of his albums, including "The Long Road Home – In Concert" and "", as well as a special edition of "Revival".
The Hammersmith Gorillas covered "Keep On Chooglin'" on their 1999 album "Gorilla Got Me".
Lee Benoit covered it on his 2000 album "Dis 'N' Dat".
2010–11 USM Annaba season
In the 2010–11 season, USM Annaba competed in the Ligue 1 for the 21st season, as well as the Algerian Cup.
They competed in Ligue 1, and the Algerian Cup.
<br>
He Was There (When I Needed You)
"He Was There (When I Needed You)" is a song written by Sue Richards that was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single in March 1980 and became a top twenty hit on the "Billboard" country songs chart.
"He Was There (When I Needed You)" was recorded in January 1980 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
The session featured tracks that would later appear on Wynette's 1980 album.
The recording session was produced by Billy Sherrill and included renowned Nashville session musicians such as Johnny Gimble, Pete Drake and George Richey (Wynette's husband).
The song reached number 17 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
It released on her 1980 studio album "Only Lonely Sometimes".
Andrzej Halicki
Andrzej Halicki is a Polish politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Civic Platform.
Łukasz Kohut
Łukasz Kohut is a Polish politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for Spring.
Starting Over (Tammy Wynette song)
"Starting Over" is a song written by Bob McDill that was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single in March 1980 and became a top twenty hit on the "Billboard" country songs chart.
"Starting Over" was recorded in January 1980 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
The session featured tracks that would later appear on Wynette's 1980 album.
The recording session was produced by Billy Sherrill and included renowned Nashville session musicians such as Johnny Gimble, Pete Drake and George Richey (Wynette's husband).
The song reached number 17 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
It released on her 1980 studio album "Only Lonely Sometimes".
Sylwia Spurek
Dr. Sylwia Iwona Spurek (born 29 January 1976) is a Polish politician, lawyer, attorney-at-law, lecturer and Doctor of Law.
For 2015 to 2019 she was Deputy Polish Ombudsman (serving Polish Ombudsman at the time was Adam Bodnar).
She was a Spring (part of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats group) Member of the European Parliament (MEP) elected in the 2019 European parliamentary election.
She left Spring on 28 October 2019 and is independent member of S&D.
Sylwia Spurek was born on 29 January 1976 in Skarżysko-Kamienna, Poland.
She graduated University of Lodz Faculty of Law and Administration (2000).
She specializes in criminal, administrative, international and constitutional law.
In 2000, she was a scholarship holder of the Legal Fellowship Program, a participant of International Women’s Human Rights Clinic classes at the City University of New York.
In 2004 she completed a legislative application.
In 2012, she defended her doctoral dissertation on the legal aspects of preventing domestic violence, with a focus on isolating the perpetrator from the victim (supervisor: Eleonora Zielińska, judge of polish State Tribunal).
Since 1999, she has been involved in activities for human rights.
After graduation worked as Attorney-at-Law.
She was a lecturer at Gender Studies at the University of Warsaw and the Polish Academy of Sciences at postgraduate studies in Gender Mainstreaming.
She also lectured on legal subjects at Lazarski University and SWPS University of Social Sciences and Humanities.
From 2002 to 2005 at the Secretariat of the Government Plenipotentiary for Equal Status of Women and Men, where she dealt with, among others government bill on counteracting domestic violence.
In the years 2008–2015 she was a member of the Team for the European Court of Human Rights at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In the years 2010–2012 she was a representative of the Chief of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister of Poland on the Rights Protection Committee.
Until 2014, she was an adviser to the Prime Minister in the Legal Department of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister.
Then, until June 2015, she was deputy head of the Office of the Government Plenipotentiary for Equal Treatment and was responsible, among others, for coordinating government work on the ratification of the Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence.
On September 22, 2015, she became the deputy of the Polish Ombudsman for equal treatment.
She resigned from this function on February 28, 2019, after which she became involved in politics.
In March 2019, together with partner Marcin Anaszewicz, she published the book "Związek partnerski, rozmowy o Polsce" ("Domestic Partnerships, Talks about Poland", 2019), and all the profit from the sale of the book is transferred to the foundation International Movement for Animals Viva!.
At the beginning of March 2019, she became involved in the political project of Robert Biedroń - the Spring party.
Spurek was elected in the 2019 European parliamentary election from Greater Poland - Poznan constituency as a member of the European Parliament.
She belongs to the group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats (S&D).
Once elected to the European Parliament, she has since been serving on the European Parliament Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs and European Parliament Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
Member of the Delegation for relations with Canada.
She left Spring on 28 October 2019.
She indicated as a reason for leaving party that the group has changed its statute.
Currently Spurek is independent member of S&D.
She was also believed as the 2020 The Left (a left-wing to centre-left political alliance in Poland) candidate for President of Poland, but she did not refer to this.
Hilger, Texas
Hilger is an unincorporated community in Fannin County, Texas, United States.
Hay-a-Park Gravel Pit
Hay-a-Park Gravel Pit is a Site of Special Scientific Interest, or SSSI, adjacent to the east side of the town of Knaresborough, North Yorkshire, England.
Having been a disused and flooded quarry since the 1970s, it now consists of the large Hay-a-Park Lake and three smaller ponds, besides associated reedbeds, scrub, woodland and grassland.
It was designated as a SSSI in 1995 because it supports a number of wintering birds, including a large flock of goosander.
This site is "one of the most northerly inland breeding populations of reed warbler in Britain."
Hay-a-Park was once part of a royal park, an early landowner being Edward II.
The area once belonged to the Crown; then Edward II gave it to his favourite, Piers Gaveston.
After Gaveston was executed, it passed back to the Crown, but was subject to poaching for some time.
In the 14th century the area was known as "Park de la Haye" where Edward III bred horses.
Edward's fifteen-year-old wife Philippa of Hainault was given this land on the occasion of her marriage; she was later the mother of the Black Prince (whose statue stands in Leeds City Square) and John of Gaunt.
Another story says that in the 11th or 12th century Henry I conferred the lands to Gamel de Scriven, and they remained in the family under various names including Edward II until the last heir, Sir Charles Slingsby, died falling from his horse into the river in 1869, leaving no issue.
The area later became known as "Haya Park".
By the seventeenth century the land was at least partly wooded, and managed for timber.
By the end of that century it was owned by Lady Hewley, who used its rents to support the Church and charities.
When its farmland was valued in 1755 by Robert Moody of York, the land was considered potentially good for cultivation, but contemporary farmers were "poor idle drunken ignorant fellows" who spent Sundays in the alehouse; so that the land was "miserably run and full of weeds," with no prospect of land improvement.
In the 19th century the leasehold of Haya Park was purchased for the purpose of rectorial tithes by York Minster; it was still a royal park, where deer were protected.
Part of Hay-a-Park later became a gravel works, and the site occupies a section which has been "largely undisturbed since the completion of extraction in the early 1970s."
Hay-a-Park Gravel Pit is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), consisting of "standing open water and canals."
This reserve has no parking area, no visitor facilities, and no official public footpaths.
Fishing and swimming are not permitted, and dog-walking is discouraged due to disturbance of water birds.
The site is adjacent to the eastern edge of Knaresborough, accessible by public footpath from two unlabelled entrances on Park Lane, one located near the railway bridge, and the other next to Knaresborough Rugby Club.
The site was first notified on 15 June 1995, being "of interest for its breeding birds and wintering wildfowl."
It is one of about eight SSSIs in the Harrogate region, others being Ripon Parks, Farnham Mires, Hack Fall Wood, Cow Myers, Mar Field Fen, Quarry Moor, and Bishop Monkton Ings.
As described by Natural England in 1995, the site contains the 24-hectare Hay-a-Park Lake at the north end of the site, "three small ponds" at the south end, and "associated areas of reedbed, scrub, mature hedgerow and grassland," however as of 2019 much of the scrub had become woodland.
Of "national importance" are the goosander which winter here, numbering up to 315 birds as counted in 1995.
Of "local importance" are wigeon, greylag, coot and mallard.
In spring, oystercatcher, wigeon and various geese graze on the adjacent field.
Tufted duck, mallard and great crested grebe breed on or near Hay-a-Park Lake, as do common sandpiper and ringed plover.
Grasshopper warbler and sedge warbler breed on the small ponds.
The reed warbler breeds here too, being "one of the most northerly inland breeding populations of reed warbler in Britain."
The fly "Raphium laticorne" has been found in "nine lowland localities" in Yorkshire including at Hay-a-Park, and "Campsicnemus marginatus" has also been found here.
Although the former quarry pit Hay-a-Park Lake may be deep, Natural England recommends that the presence of any shallow water areas be maintained.
This is for the benefit of wintering waders and feeding ducks and geese.
Shallow waters allow aquatic plants to receive light, thereby allowing breeding conditions for dragonflies and damselflies.
"Protection of appropriate water quality" is required, as is regulation of potential incoming water and sediment.
"Bottom feeding coarse fish" must be removed, because they may "uproot plants and disturb sediments."
"Appropriate nesting and feeding conditions are maintained" with regard to open land, scrub and reeded areas.
"Recreational activities should be managed sympathetically to avoid conflict with the management of the waterbody for nature conservation," and "recreational use of woodland should be discouraged" should the site contain a heronry.
A 2012 assessment of the site was "unfavourable, declining."
Notices have been erected at two entrance points of the site, to remind the public that there has been a continuing concern about "illegal fishing" here.
There are also issues of freshwater fish-stocking, public access and disturbance.
A woman was photographed swimming recreationally in the lake in winter 2019, putting greylags to flight.
Some visitors to Hay-a-Park have been carrying out three categories of "operations likely to damage the special interest," namely articles 16a, 27 and 28 of Natural England's views about management of the SSSI.
Nevertheless, the published audit for the Knaresborough Development Plan of 2016 described the site as being available for recreational use, and designated it as an "important community area" (ICA).
Predrag Kovačević
Predrag Kovačević, known by his nickname Kova, is a Bosnian guitarist.
He first found mainstream success as a 1980s lineup member of a Bosnian garage rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje.
Kovačević joined a Sarajevo-based rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje in 1986, after their lead guitarist Mustafa Čengić left.
As a lead guitarist, he performed on their two studio albums: "Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari" (1987) and "Male priče o velikoj ljubavi" (1989).
In early 1990, he left the band with some other members.
In 2018 and 2019, Kovačević had some guest appearances at live concerts of Nele Karajlić, former lead vocalist of Zabranjeno Pušenje.
Kovačević has been living in Edmonton, AB since the 1990s.
Zabranjeno pušenje
2019 LCK season
The 2019 LCK season is the 9th season of the "League of Legends" and 8th season of the League of Legends Champions Korea (LCK).
Olesya
Olesya may refer to:
2008 Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns softball team
The 2008 Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns softball team represented the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in the 2008 NCAA Division I softball season.
The Ragin' Cajuns played their home games at Lamson Park.
The Cajuns were led by husband and wife duo Stefni and Michael Lotief.
Another Chance (Tammy Wynette song)
"Another Chance" is a song written by Robert Dawdry, Dennis Knutson and Jerry Taylor.
It was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single in March 1982 and became a top ten hit on the "Billboard" country songs chart.
"Another Chance" was recorded at Woodland Studios, located in Nashville, Tennessee.
The recording session was produced by George Richey, Wynette's husband and musical collaborator.
It was the first recording session of Wynette's to be produced by Richey.
Previous recording sessions were mostly produced by Billy Sherrill, Wynette's long-time producer at Epic Records.
The session included several more tracks that would appear on Wynette's 1982 studio album.
Notable session musicians included Charlie McCoy playing the harmonica and Pete Wade playing guitar.
The song reached number 8 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
"Another Chance" became Wynette's first solo single to reach the country songs "top 10" list since 1979's "No One Else in the World".
It was released on her 1982 studio album "Soft Touch".
SS Fort Camosun
SS "Fort Camosun" was coal-burning 7000-ton freighter, built in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada in 1942.
In June of 1942, during World War 2, she departed Victoria Harbour on her maiden voyage to England with zinc, lead, plywood, timber and other raw materials.
On 20 June 1942 the Japanese submarine I-25, under the command of Commander Meiji Tagami, torpedoed the "Fort Camosun" while she was 70 miles south-southwest of Cape Flattery.
"Fort Camosun" was torpedoed just eleven hours out of port at 11:00pm.
The torpedo hit the number two hold on the port side.
The crew abandoned ship into the remaining good lifeboats.
The submarine then surfaced used deck guns to fire 18 shells at the "Fort Camosun" causing further damage to the ship.
While badly damaged the "Fort Camosun" did not sink, as she was loaded with plywood, timber and other floatable cargo.
The crew radioed for help and later an American Flying Fortress located the crew.
Later in the day the HMCS Edmundston] rescued the 31 crew of the sinking "Fort Camosun".
The "Fort Camosun" was towed to safety by to Neah Bay.
The "Fort Camosun" was low in the water and was towed with the help of the tugboat "Henry Foss" from Tacoma, US Navy tug USS "Tatnuck" and the tugboat "Salvage Queen".
"Fort Camosun" reached Neah Bay, later she was towed to Esquimalt B.C.
At Esquimalt she was put in dry dock and tempory repairs were made.
"Fort Camosun" repaired took timber to England, via Guantanamo and New York.
On the way to England an U-Boat attacked her convoy in the Atlantic.
As she was passing through the North Channel alone a German aircraft tried to bomb her, but the bomb landed clear of the ship.
Later she survived another torpedo attack in the Gulf of Aden.
"I-25" was later sunk by one or more of the destroyers , , which were involved in the naval engagement on 3 September 1943 off the New Hebrides islands approximately northeast of Espiritu Santo.
Which American ship sank the "I-25" remains unknown.
Bill Hader filmography
Bill Hader is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, writer and producer.
The following are his appearances in film, television and video games.
2019 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Final
The 2019 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Final was a beach soccer match which took place on 1 December 2019 at Los Pynandi World Cup Stadium in Luque, Paraguay, to determine the winners of the 2019 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
It was the final and hence the last match of the 10th FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup, a biennial competition contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA.
As the fourth all-European final (following 2001, 2005 and 2013), the match pitted the European champions of 2018 and 2019 respectively against each other: Italy, who had previously competed in one World Cup final, in 2008, and Portugal, who appeared in their third FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup final and their sixth overall when taking into account the pre-FIFA era "Beach Soccer World Championships"; their last appearance was four years prior in 2015.
In what was seen as an evenly contested affair, Portugal emerged as victors thanks to a series of successful free kicks, clinching the match by six goals to four to win their second FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup crown (following 2015) and third world title overall (including success in the 2001 World Championship), condemning Italy to a second runners-up medal.
The match was also notable as the 583rd and final international beach soccer appearance of Madjer; the Portuguese captain, often hailed as the best player of all-time, announced his retirement immediately following the match.
Italian captain, Francesco Corosiniti, also retired following the match, his 263rd cap.
Both nations are veterans at World Cups, with Portugal missing only one and Italy, two, since their debuts (1997 and 1995 respectively).
The former had had considerably more success than the latter.
During the "World Championships" era, Portugal became champions in 2001 and finished on the podium a further four times (1999, 2002, 2003, 2004).
Since the FIFA era began, Portugal have fared relatively similarly, winning the 2015 title, finishing as runners-up in 2005 and earning bronze medals three times (2008, 2009, 2011).
This was Portugal's third FIFA final and sixth overall.
Italy's best finish of the World Championships was a single bronze medal, in 1996.
Italy reached their first final during the FIFA era in 2008, when they lost to Brazil 5–3, and this remained their only podium finish of this era until now.
This was Italy's second World Cup final.
However, more recently, after neither team qualified for 2013, Italy had reached the semi-finals of the last two editions, one better than their Iberian opponents.
Both teams had enjoyed generally successful seasons but not without some negatives.
As European nations, they had competed in many of the same events.
Portugal failed in qualification for the World Beach Games, but compensated for this disappointment by claiming the gold medal at the European Games and becoming six-time European champions at the Euro Beach Soccer League (EBSL).
Despite reaching this final, they narrowly qualified for the World Cup in July, finishing in the final qualification spot, but also won the silver medal at the Mediterranean Beach Games.
Portugal were world ranked 4th going into the match.
Italy went into the season as reigning European champions having won the 2018 EBSL and began the year by qualifying for the World Beach Games were they went on to lose to Iran in the bronze medal match.
They only managed a fifth place finish at the European Games, but claimed fourth in the EBSL and second place in qualification for the World Cup.
The Mediterranean Beach Games was their most successful event, where they claimed the gold medal.
Italy were world ranked 3rd going into the match.
The teams had gone head-to-head three times previously at World Cups, twice during the World Championships era and once in the FIFA era.
The three meetings are documented below:
The teams had already met on three previous occasions in 2019, with Italy winning two, however Portugal had won the most recent contest.
Before then, the teams had not clashed for over two years.
However, overall, the two teams had met 48 times previously.
The last five meetings are documented in the below table:
Period one began with Portugal on the offensive and Italy on the defensive, the latter's style compared to the "Catenaccio" tactics classically used by their national football team.
Hence the Portuguese were the team creating the goal-scoring opportunities and dominating play, but on six minutes, Italy scored against the run of play – after a shot from Madjer (Portugal's twelfth of the match), Corosiniti played a ball through the middle to Zurlo who slotted home Italy's first shot of the match.
90 seconds later, Chiavaro fouled Leo Martins up against the touchline, just outside the Italian penalty area.
The Portuguese smashed his free kick into the bottom left hand corner to equalise the score.
Portugal continued to dominate, having over 70% possession of the ball, but Italy began creating opportunities of their own as the period neared its end.
After an injury timeout following Corosiniti and Belchior's clash, the period concluded with the score still level at 1–1.
The second period started with a more even spread of chances for both teams.
Del Mestre was forced into good saves from Jordan and then Be Martins, whilst, Gori and Zurlo saw their free kicks go narrowly wide for Italy.
In the sixth minute, the deadlock was broken.
Leo Martins won possession just inside his own half and lead Portugal on a quick counterattack, ultimately squaring the ball to an unmarked Jordan in the middle who fired home at the edge of the box.
30 seconds after the restart, Jordan won a long-range free kick, with his effort saved by a diving Del Mestre.
However, the Italian mistakenly parried the ball back into the centre of the box; with the goal left undefended, Lourenço pounced onto the loose ball for a tap in, putting Portugal up 3–1.
Despite the two goal gap, the game remained balanced as the second half of period two progressed; Leo Martins wasted a great chance, a one-on-one opportunity against the goalkeeper, shooting wide.
Jordan converted a powerful free kick from the centre of the pitch during the opening stages of period three to open up a 4–1 lead for Portugal.
This deficit saw Italy become more offensive to try and bridge the gap.
One minute later, Jordan was guilty of a foul on Gori, conceding a penalty, but the Italian's spot kick attempt was saved by Andrade.
The attacking play of Italy began opening up more spaces for Portugal to exploit.
Soon after, Leo Martins completed a brace from a free kick given away by Marinai just outside the Italian box, extending the Portuguese lead to 5–1 with just eight minutes left on the clock.
Protests surrounding the foul lead to a flurry of yellow cards, for Jordan, Del Mestre and Chiavaro.
After a Corosiniti effort hit the post, Italy scored two goals inside the 31st minute.
First a one-two between Zurlo and Ramacciotti saw the latter slotting past Andrade at close range.
And then from Ramacciotti's corner, Josep Junior ran from deep to head in at the back post for 5–3, reigniting the match as a contest, seeing Portugal take a more cautious approach into the final minutes.
Gori almost made it 5–4 with two minutes left, hitting a bicycle kick against the post, but a controversial foul by Ramacciotti mere seconds later (for which he was booked) allowed Jordan to complete his hat-trick via the free kick.
Italy's remaining efforts proved futile, save for a final attempt by Ramacciotti through Andrade's legs mere seconds from full time.
But the goal bothered Portugal not as they knew they had the game won, and as the last seconds ticked by, the TV cameras were already focused on Madjer on the Portuguese bench who had begun crying.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
When the individual awards were presented at the conclusion of the final, players of the final's competing teams, Italy and Portugal, mopped up those on offer, claiming five of the seven available.
Italy's Gabriele Gori and Emmanuele Zurlo won the Golden and Silver Scorer awards respectively, whilst Portugal's Jordan Santos, Bê Martins and Elinton Andrade won the Silver, Bronze Balls and Golden Glove awards respectively.
Players and staff made analytic comments to the media after the match, including:
Italian silver shoe winner, Emmanuele Zurlo:
"“I am really proud of my team-mates.
In the end, we have the bitterness of not having won the final, it will always be there, the truth is that we had a great tournament and we need to be happy to have gone all the way to the final.
We’ve shown the world what kind of team Italy is, that we are capable of beating anyone, but in the end Portugal were deserved champions and were better.""
Portuguese coach, Mário Narciso:
""The games between Portugal and Italy are always very divided.
The teams are very equal, but of course I was hoping we could win.
At this moment what is in my soul is a great joy, not only for me but also for those who are in the dressing room... the feeling that I made my contribution to this achievement is amazing.
It was a dream year, we had a lot of victories!
It won't be easy to match.""
Top scorer of the final, Jordan Santos of Portugal:
""The key to our success was playing well in the crucial matches.
This is an experienced squad, full of players who knew what it was like to be crowned champions, and that made the difference."
""This is the perfect way to end a fantastic year, bearing in mind we also won the Euro Beach Soccer League and the European Games.
It’s a great source of pride to represent your country in such a way."
"I don’t think I’ll sleep with the trophy, as it’s a bit hard, but maybe I’ll do it with the medal!""
After the trophy ceremony, Portuguese captain, Madjer, clarified his tears at the final whistle as "farewell tears"; he announced his retirement from international beach soccer, aged 42, bringing to an end a 22 year playing career, having claimed eleven individual awards at FIFA editions of the World Cup, as well as being by far the tournament's all-time top scorer with 88 goals and a total of 140 since the 1995 establishment of a world championship for beach soccer.
He debuted for Portugal against Chile in the 1998 World Championship, and was the only player to be part of all three of Portugal's title winning teams to date.
The announcement came in spite of plans he had recently revealed stating he would retire sometime in 2020.
Being widely regarded as the greatest player of all-time, his announcement was met with an outpouring of tributes from fellow players and media outlets.
Madjer revealed the news in an emotional speech to the media:
""A big hug to all Portuguese, I thank from the bottom of my heart all the support you have given me throughout my career.
I owe a lot to you, I owe a lot to this team, I owe a lot to everyone.
Today was my last game..."" *begins crying* ""...I want to thank all Portuguese, all my colleagues, coaches, all the staff, people who worked with me until today.
To say that I leave happy, fulfilled, proud to be Portuguese, and above all proud of this family that has been building more beautiful beach soccer, with fair play around the world.
Thank you, Portuguese pride!"."
The Portuguese team subsequently flew home from Asuncion the next day, arriving back in Portugal at 07:00 WET on 3 December.
Having accepted an invitation, the team then travelled to Belém Palace in Lisbon to meet with the President of Portugal, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa at 13:45 in the "Sala das Bicas".
During the meeting, the delegation were commended with civil and national orders – the team's technical staff were awarded the title of Grand Officers of the Order of Merit, the players were bestowed with the title of Commanders of the Order of Merit, and Madjer was knighted, being made a Commander of the Order of Prince Henry.
On 4 December, the whole team appeared for an interview on a domestic daytime TV talk show.
Coach Mário Narciso, players Madjer and João Gonçalves, team doctor Eduardo Farinha as well as Portuguese Football Federation (FPF) vice-president, Humberto Coelho and directior, Pedro Dias, were received at the 12 December plenary session of the Assembly of the Republic to be honoured by the chamber in recognition of the team's achievements.
Italian Football Federation (FIGC) president Gabriele Gravina and Lega Nazionale Dilettanti (LND) president Cosimo Sibilia, both issued statements congratulating the Italian team on their silver medal and viewed the team's tournament very positively, despite the final loss, noting the increased engagement of new fans and reaffirming their commitments to develop the sport domestically.
Viewership was reported in the days following the final.
In Portugal, the match started at 21:00 local time and was broadcast live on free-to-air television channel RTP2, earning an average audience share of 3.2% (~0.16m viewers), peaking with an audience share of 4.9% (~0.24m viewers) at 22:12; this coincided with the final minute of the match.
In Italy, the match started at 22:00 local time and was broadcast live on pay television channel Sky Sport, earning an audience share of 0.4% (~0.1m viewers).
Eastern Arctic
The Eastern Arctic was an electoral district of the Northwest Territories, Canada, created in 1966 and abolished in 1975.
The district was represented by Simonie Michael from 1966 until 1970, and then by Bryan Pearson from 1970 until its dissolution in 1975.
As Michael was the first elected Inuk legislator in a Canadian province or territory, the Eastern Arctic district was the first electoral district in Canada to have an Inuk representative.
Oles
Oles may refer to:
List of Texas Longhorns baseball seasons
This is a list of Texas Longhorns baseball seasons.
The Texas Longhorns baseball program is a college baseball team that represents the University of Texas in the Big 12 Conference in the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The Longhorns have played their home games at UFCU Disch–Falk Field in Austin, Texas since 1974.
The Longhorns have won 6 College World Series titles, tied for second most nationally, and have reached the ultimate event 36 times, more than any other program.
They have appeared in the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament 59 times, also most of any program.
Marián Kuřeja
Marián Kuřeja (born 30 July 1980) is a Slovak Paralympic athlete competing in F51-classification club throw and discus throw events.
He represented Slovakia at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil and he won the bronze medal in the men's club throw F51 event.
He qualified to represent Slovakia at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan after finishing in 4th place in the men's club throw F51 event at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
At the 2017 World Para Athletics Dubai Grand Prix he won the silver medal in the men's discus throw F51/52 event.
At the 2018 World Para Athletics European Championships he won the silver medal in the men's club throw F51 event.
The Forgotten Woman (1921 film)
The Forgotten Woman is a 1921 silent American melodrama film directed by Park Frame and starring Pauline Stark.
A "water waif" named Dixie is adopted by a hateful woman and tricked into marrying the woman's son.
After her new husband is arrested on their wedding night, she ends up falling for another man.
Reportedly, Catherine Carr was visiting the Carolinas when she happened upon a group of Southerners who lived a colorful, bohemian lifestyle along a river.
Her trip inspired her to write the script for "The Forgotten Woman".
Connected Home over IP
Connected Home over IP (or Project Connected Home over IP) is an open-sourced, royalty-free home automation connectivity standard project which features compatibility among different smart home and Internet of things (IoT) products and softwares.
The project group was launched and introduced by Amazon, Apple, Google, and the Zigbee Alliance in December 18, 2019.
In December 18, 2019, Amazon, Apple, Google, and the Zigbee Alliance announced the collaboration and formation of the working group of Project Connected Home over IP.
The goal of the project is to simplify development for smart home products brands and manufacturers, while increasing the compatibility of the products for consumers.
The standard is designed to be based on Internet Protocol (IP).
It is designed to enable smart home devices, mobile apps, and cloud services to communicate and to define a specific set of IP-based networking technologies for device certification.
The project group is also expected to be joined by board member companies of Zigbee Alliance, including IKEA, Legrand, MMB Networks, NXP Semiconductors, Resideo, Samsung SmartThings, Schneider Electric, Signify (formerly Philips Lighting), Silicon Labs, Somfy, and Wulian.
List of African-American newspapers in Nevada
This is a list of African-American newspapers that have been published in the state of Nevada.
Nevada was "the last state to remove itself from the list of states that have never had a Black newspaper" in the mid-20th century.
While the late 19th century saw a flourishing African American press in many other Western states and territories, Nevada's African-American population at the time was very low, falling as low as 134 in 1900.
As a result, during that early period, "no Negro-owned newspaper, even of the most ephemeral kind, was published in Nevada."
To be included in this list, a periodical should be mentioned in a reliable source as an African-American newspaper published in Nevada.
List of January 2020 Hong Kong protests
This is a list of January 2019–20 Hong Kong protests.
Hong Kong police fired tear gas in Mong Kok, as they continued to try and clear the streets of protesters who had set fires to roadblocks on Nathan Road.
Armoured vehicles were seen clearing roadblocks set up by protesters using a variety of objects.
The crowd also chanted "Liberate Hong Kong, Revolution of Our time" during the last few seconds of 2019.
The march, named "Stand shoulder to shoulder", was aimed at pressuring Carrie Lam and the government to accept protesters' demands.
Thousands gathered filling up the lawn of Victoria Park, from where the organisers started the march 20 minutes ahead of the planned 3:00 pm start.
As people marched out of Victoria Park, more people were waiting to get in.
Secondary school students, families with children, and elderly people had turned up to join the march.
The marchers called chants commonly heard throughout the protests, such as "Five demands, not one less" and "Liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our times".
The Civil Human Rights Front said the police asked them to end the march after clashes broke out in Wan Chai.
Officers soon began firing tear gas and pepper spray there.
The front said it immediately complied and asked people to leave.
It said they received notice from police at 5:30 pm, asking to end the rally by 6:15 pm.
Organisers claim over one million participated in the protest.
Police said 60,000 people attended the march at its peak.
The CHRF said the police decision to end the march showed that the government is unwilling to listen to the voices of the people and is infringing on the right of assembly of Hong Kong residents.
They warned that peace will not return to Hong Kong if police continue to adopt such methods.
Some protesters called a "Lunch with You" rally.
At about 1 pm, about 100 citizens gathered in and around Statue Square in Central.
Participants chanted slogans in the square, other held signs to protest police use of allegedly excessive force.
At about 1:45, the crowd walked towards Pedder Street.
The crowd then shouted "Hear the Sun" and disbanded.
More than a dozen riot police officers were stationed on Pedder Street.
Thousands of teachers and other protesters gathered at Edinburgh Place at night to voice their opposition at what they called "white terror" from the government.
Organised by the Professional Teachers' Union (PTU) the rally came after education secretary Kevin Yeung said the PTU was misinformed and called on teachers not to be misled by them.
Fung Wai-wah, the leader of the union, said "the government is making teachers scapegoats for the current social unrest".
Organisers said 20,000 people turned up at the peak of the rally.
Several hundred people began marching through Sheung Shui accusing the government and police of failing to take action against parallel trading in the district.
The organiser said there would be about 100 marshals to maintain law and order also stating that it was unnecessary as the authorised event will be peaceful.
A stand-off then developed after the police told protesters to disperse as soon as they reached the endpoint.
Police warned that they could be arrested for holding an illegal assembly.
Organisers claimed a turnout of 10,000 people.
Police said the crowd numbered 2,500 at its peak.
Some citizens continued to launch "Lunch with You" rallies in multiple districts.
Among them, in Wan Chai and Causeway Bay, demonstrators walked along Hennessy Road and Johnston Road, and some people raised banners and shouted slogans common to the protests.
Some citizens then launched "Sing with you" and "Lunch with you" rallies.
Protesters in Kowloon Bay and at the International Finance Centre responded to the call for action.
The demonstration proceeded peacefully without any conflict between the police and the demonstrators.
In the evening, in the New Town Plaza in Sha Tin held a "Plan with You" civil district council event.
More than ten district councillors served as guests and hundreds of citizens attended.
During the period, Shatin District Council Chairman Ching Cheung-ying and vice-chairman Wong Hok-lai made speeches, explaining the district council appropriations, including various expenditure sections including "development, housing and business", "finance, standing and other large-scale activities", "district facility management", etc.
It also talked about "police riots", the establishment of Lennon Wall, market management, and regional facilities, as well as the organisation of civil society.
At the end of the event, the citizens shouted anti-government slogans, and then slowly dispersed.
About 100 people gathered at a car park in Tseung Kwan O to pay tribute to Alex Chow Tsz-Lok, a student who had died two months earlier, to the day, of injuries from a fall in that car park while a police clearance operation had been conducted against a protest in the vicinity.
They observed a minute's silence in memory of him.
The mourners lit candles and placed flowers near the car park wall.
Others displayed posters about the protests.
Some masked protesters attempted to block a major intersection in the area.
They pulled old cabinets and a sofa from a rubbish collection point nearby and tried to put them outside the PopCorn mall.
Police sirens were heard, causing the protesters to flee back to the car park.
The protesters later dug up bricks near the car park and scattered them on a nearby road.
They also fled as soon as riot police arrived.
Police were deployed to a "Lennon Wall" in Tsuen Wan overnight, as tensions flared between residents of the area and a group of people who had arrived to tear down protest-related posts and messages.
They were carrying rods, high-power water cleaning guns and wall scrapers.
Some residents who came out to confront them were chased off by the outsiders who were wielding the tools they had brought with them.
Police arrived at around half past midnight to separate the two sides and those who had planned to rip down the Lennon Wall left the area.
Some citizens called for a "Write to You and Warm to Taiwan" rally at 1 pm in Kowloon Bay.
At the peak, about 30 citizens were present to write letters which will be transferred to the Taiwan solidarity protesters.
The scene was generally calm, no slogans were heard.
Most of the participants left on their own after writing a letter.
During the event, riot police were stationed.
About 60 people, in Quarry Bay Station gathered outside to chant slogans.
Others marched to the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) headquarters.
The marchers were dissatisfied with Legislative Councillor Lam Cheuk-ting, who earlier disclosed to the media that the superintendent responsible for a fight was being investigated by the ICAC.
According to Article 30 (1) of the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance, it is an offence to disclose the identity of the person being investigated to the public, or any specific person, without lawful authority and reasonable excuse.
Dozens of people protested chanting anti-government slogans and some protesters stomping on pictures of Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping, Chief Executive Carrie Lam and Police commissioner Chris Tang.
Later police officers were seen scraping the pictures off the floor.
Around 20 riot police officers were present but the protest ended without any confrontations.
Some displayed placards calling for an independent probe into alleged police brutality and to disband the force immediately.
When the riot police walked past, some insults were also hurled at them.
Some citizens launched the "Lennon Day" in multiple districts.
The event was convened at 2 pm, and the "Yuen Tso Celebration" was held near the Central Government Complex where the Lennon Wall first appeared in Hong Kong.
Police where deployed in multiple areas.
More than a dozen demonstrators went to make Lennon Walls, in participation with the "Lennon, Warrior Thanksgiving Ceremony" event, outside the Admiralty Government headquarters, followed by a tram to Causeway Bay, and finally glass of a footbridge on Percival Street.
Protesters put stickers and posters on the boards.
At about 5:30 pm, around 20 young people responded to the "Lennon Day" event, and posted the anti-government posters outside the British Consulate General.
Suddenly, two or three police officers stopped vehicles approaching, claiming that someone had been hurt at the scene.
At least one girl was arrested.
People at the scene said that the gray steps where they were located on was part of British territory.
Saying that the police could not enforce the law on the step.
Later, the British Conservative Party member of the Commission on Human Rights Luke de Pulford on Twitter issued a document, expressed concern about the peaceful expression of the demands of young protesters, suspected to be arrested within the scope of the consulate that requires immediate attention.
Later, when the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Commonwealth responded to Hong Kong Free Press' inquiry, it acknowledged that the British Consulate General in Hong Kong proactively called the police.
Hundreds of people staged a rally in Central calling on the international community to sanction the Hong Kong government, which they accuse of violating the basic human rights of residents.
A number of protesters waved the flags of the United States, Japan, and the United Kingdom, with some saying the U.S. flag represents freedom and justice.
One of the organisers of the rally, Ventus Lau, said he hopes overseas governments can follow in the footsteps of the U.S. in passing the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act to sanction Hong Kong government officials if authorities continue to ignore the five demands of the protesters.
Lau also said "the Hong Kong government is capable of introducing full democracy right away by abolishing the functional constituencies in the Legco elections this year".
If it doesn’t, he says the sanctions will be triggered and officials will face the strongest retribution.
Protesters called a "Lunch with You" rally.
By 1:00 pm, more than a dozen citizens gathered in the atrium of "The Landmark", in Central.
Protesters included young students, holding posters and shouting slogans.
Some of the participants turned on their mobile phone flashlights and sang.
Later, more protesters gradually joined.
Police officers were stationed nearby.
Around 100 people held a rally at the Edinburgh Place, Central, to protest against the University of Hong Kong's (HKU) move to start proceedings against Occupy Central co-founder Benny Tai that could see him fired.
The law professor was released on bail pending appeal over his convictions of leading the pro-democracy movement in 2014.
He was jailed in April 2019 for 16 months.
Members of the rally many of them HKU graduates said "the university should not have set up the inquiry as it violates due process as Tai's appeal is before the courts".
Citizens launched a "Lunch with You" rally.
Demonstrators shouted slogans in the Tsun Yip Street Playground in Kwun Tong.
After about 100 protesters gathered, the crowd started to move towards How Ming Street and shouted slogans along the way.
In addition, in Statue Square in Central, some citizens also launched a "Lunch with You/Write with You" campaign.
Dozens of people came and wrote slogans on scrolls.
Some police officers were stationed at the entrance.
Protesters called a "Lunch with You" rallies in Cheung Sha Wan and San Po Kong.
About 30 people gathered in the parking lot of the Hong Kong Industrial Centre.
The crowds along the way shouted slogans.
Some riot police officers were deployed along the way and went outside the Lai Chi Kok Reception Centre, a prison where arrested protesters are held.
About 70 demonstrators shouted "Release the righteous".
In San Po Kong, Tai Yau Street, there were also about 50 citizens gathered, including a number of students in school uniforms.
They later walked to Sheung Hei Street to disperse.
Police officers were on alert but the rally was relatively calm.
The Tai Po Secondary School Student Speech Platform, comprising secondary school students from Tai Po, held a rally in the open-air plaza at the Tai Po Waterfront Park.
More than 100 citizens participated.
Organisers also invited many members of the Tai Po District Council.
Next to the rally, a "Write with You" event was also held to allow the attendees to write a New Year greeting for Hong Kong people in exile in Taiwan.
A rally calling for electoral reform and a boycott of the Chinese Communist Party
was held at Chater Gardens in Central district.
The organisers, among them Ventus Lau, had sought to obtain a letter of no objection
for a march, but the police only permitted a static rally.
Solidarity rallies in 22 cities across 12 countries were announced for the same day.
The assembly began at 3 pm.
At about 4 pm, demonstrators surrounded police officers and threw water bottles and debris in Des Voeux Road, in Central.
Some protesters also set up barricades with iron bars, bricks, traffic cones, and umbrellas.
Police said two community liaison officers were attacked with wooden sticks and sustained head injuries.
At about 4.30 pm, the police demanded the termination of the rally for security reasons.
Three police officers and a civilian relations team entered the venue to communicate with the organiser to request the termination of the rally.
The police fired tear gas outside Chater Garden to disperse the rally.
A reporter from Stand News was intercepted twice by police during an interview in Admiralty.
During the first interception, a reporter from Stand News used a mobile phone to record but a police officer continued to use a reporter's ID card.
The officer then put his ID card in fount of the phone to stop him recording.
The reporter was then intercepted by the police for the second time at the same location.
During the live broadcast on the mobile phone, some police officers snatched the reporter's live broadcast equipment.
During the interception, some police officers snatched the reporter's mobile phone and destroyed the reporter's mobile phone screen.
Lau was arrested by the police on the grounds of "incitement to the mood of the masses" and "violation of the condition that the garden shall not be forced to burst (crowded) in the notice of no objection".
The next day, the police changed the charges of "resistance office" and "violation of the conditions of the notice of no objection" and are currently being detained at the Wan Chai Police Station.
Later, the police renamed it "without timely assistance in dissolving the assembly and deliberately neglecting to execute the police order", thus violating section 17A of the Public Security Ordinance, Chapter 245 of the Laws of Hong Kong.
Organizers said 150,000 attended the demonstration, while police estimated a peak attendance of 11,680.
Protesters called a "Lunch with You" rally in Central.
Nearly a hundred people gathered in the atrium of the Landmark and chanted anti-government slogans.
Some groups held a 7.21 "Half Anniversary" rally in Tin Shui Wai with the theme "Guard the Truth, Don't Forget 4326/6 = 721".
At about 7:30 pm, about a hundred citizens participated, some wearing school uniforms or black clothes and wearing masks.
At the scene, joint signing sessions and Lennon paintings were set up to allow participants to write their opinions and signatures.
At least four police cars and dozens of police officers were seen around the rally.
The rally began in the form of a drama about the citizens "39 minutes of waiting for the police at the West Rail Yuen Long Station on July 21".
Rally representatives said that the Yuen Long attack reflected that the Yuen Long Police Force was unable to protect the citizens.
They hoped to tell students through the rally and drama to urge everyone to defend the future together and to evoke everyone's original intentions through drama.
On January 21, six months after the Yuen Long attack, some citizens initiated a sit-in at multiple MTR stations.
In Causeway Bay station about 50 people gathered, most wearing masks, and occasionally shouting slogans.
In Yuen Long, a group of pro-democracy legislators held screenings, and urged the authorities to thoroughly investigate the 721 events.
A large number of riot police arrived later and fired pepper spray.
Police made multiple arrests.
At 1 pm, protesters called a "Lunch with You" rally at the Hong Kong Industrial Centre, Cheung Sha Wan Road.
Demonstrators held banners and shouted slogans.
A large number of police officers and riot police arrived at Lai Chi Kok and warned the citizens are participating in an unlawful assembly.
Some citizens launched a "lunch with you" demonstration to express their demands.
At 1:00 pm, office workers responded to the call for action.
More than 10 citizens gathered in the mall.
This increased to more than 40 people.
At about 2 pm, the participants dispersed peacefully.
A large number of worshippers gathered at the Wong Tai Sin Temple in the evening.
When entering the temple (11 pm) there was a chanting ceremony; Police officers searched the identity cards of the citizens.
Most of them wore masks.
During the period, nearly 100 people in black shouted anti-government slogans, and citizens waved the banner with the slogans written.
Riot police were on alert and the atmosphere was tense.
Subsequently, 2 citizens were intercepted by the police and a large number of people in black stared at police officers.
Police officers remained calm to the citizens present.
On Chinese New Year’s Eve, many citizens held a rally outside the Lai Chi Kok Reception Centre in support of demonstrators in prison.
Some people held up the slogans "No difference with courage" and "Let's go up and down together", and raised the phone's light to indicate "support, hold on to the end".
To mark four years since the Mong Kok riots, people sold street food opposite Langham Place in Mong Kok.
A number of hawkers set up stalls to sell food.
More than a hundred people arrived to buy the street food.
A group of riot police patrolled and conducted searches around Nathan Road.
At 10 pm, some people in black used rubbish as a roadblock on Portland Street.
A large number of riot police arrived in cars.
The leading police cars rushed towards the gathering road at high speed.
In the crowd, the people in black dispersed, and a large number of riot police officers got out of their cars and hunted down people.
In Mong Kok people continued to mark four years since the Mong Kok riots.
A large number of riot police officers were dispatched to use tear gas to disperse crowds.
An incident occurred triggering riot police to rush on to Portland Street, resulting in confrontation between the police and the public.
After being dispersed several times on Portland Street, the riot police arrested at least 3 citizens.
In the meantime, police fired tear gas and hit a demonstrator's neck.
A female reporter wanted to obtain the police officer's serial number and was shot by pepper spray.
The female reporter later cried and had an asthma attack.
By 2 a.m., a group of reporters, volunteer first aiders and the public on Portland Street were intercepted by riot police officers, with a total of about 200 people, half of whom were citizens.
Police officers checked their identity cards.
In Mong Kok people continued to mark four years since the Mong Kok riots.
Hawker stalls were set up in Mong Kok, the atmosphere was peaceful.
By 9 pm, nearly 30 people gathered and called slogans at the Grand Plaza near the exit of Mong Kok Station, no confusion occurred.
About 20 people from the League of Social Democrats and the Labour Party marched to the Government House in the morning to protest against the police's handling of the anti-government protests.
They considered it a police riot and police officers should not raise their pay.
They criticised the government for disregarding public opinion and considered the government ineffective in governance.
Some citizens launched a "Lennon Day" event in multiple districts.
These events caused some confrontation between protesters and police.
Some citizens called to go "shopping" in Central.
At about 1 pm, dozens of people gathered on the first floor of a mall.
During the period, they held banners.
Some security guards cordoned off parts of the mall with tape.
Afterwards, the protesters walked around the mall.
The mall also sent security guards along the way.
The crowd dispersed peacefully at about 2.30 pm.
On 12 January, dozens of people held a rally in Yuen Long to urge the police to arrest Democratic Party lawmaker Lam Cheuk-ting over what they claim is his role in a mob attack on protesters and passersby in the Yuen Long in July last year.
Participants echoed false accusations previously levelled against Lam by pro-Beijing legislator Junius Ho and pro-police supporters that he had incited a group of black-clad rioters to come to Yuen Long.
Lam was among those who were hospitalised following the attack, sustaining a wound to his mouth that required 18 stitches.
He said people pushing the false narrative had been distorting the truth, noting that security camera footage clearly shows that the white-clad mob of triads had been attacking people even before he arrived.
On 18 January, around 50 people gathered outside Mong Kok Police Station presenting officers with noodles and snacks to express their gratitude to the force for its handling of anti-government protests.
The group, calling themselves Hong Kong Force of Peace, shouted slogans praising officers’ loyalty and "courage" in stopping violence and restoring order.
Outside Broadcasting House in Kowloon Tong (the headquarters of public broadcaster RTHK) on the same day, around 100 protesters from the pro-police group Politihk Social Strategic protested against what they called anti-government bias in RTHK's programmes.
The demonstrators chanted slogans, calling RTHK a "cockroach radio station".
2020 North Texas SC season
The 2020 North Texas SC season is the second season for North Texas SC's existence, and their second in USL League One, the third tier of professional soccer in the United States and Canada.
"As of December 24, 2019."
"As of December 24, 2019."
Due to their ownership by a more advanced level professional club (FC Dallas), North Texas SC is expressly forbidden from entering the Cup competition.
Zygaena kavrigini
Zygaena kavrigini is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family.
It is found in Central Asia.
Seitz states Z. kavrigini Gr.-Grsh.
(7 g) has the abdomen mostly entirely red, inclusive of base; from Kuchara.
The larva feeds on "Alhagi canescens"
Egerfarmos
Egerfarmos is a village in Heves County, Hungary.
Wake Up &amp; Ball
Wake Up & Ball is the second and final studio album by American West Coast hip hop duo The Comrads.
It was released on June 27, 2000 via Hoo-Bangin'/Priority Records.
Production was handled by Binky Mack, Fredwreck, Young Tre, DJ BattleCat, Meech Wells, Ant Banks, VMF and the Comrads' Terrell "Gangsta" Anderson.
It features guest appearances from Krayzie Bone, Mack 10, MC Eiht and Snoop Dogg.
The album peaked at #153 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart in the United States.
Doug Spade
Doug Spade (born February 11, 1951) is a Michigan politician and radio personality.
Spade was born on February 11, 1951.
Spade attended the Michigan School for the Blind for four years.
Spade graduated from Camden-Frontier High School before moving to his current residence, Adrian, Michigan, where he graduated from Adrian College.
Spade hosted the WLEN Radio talk show "Party Line" for 25 years.
On November 3, 1998, Spade became the second blind person to be elected to the Michigan House of Representatives, where he represented the 57th district.
He served in this position from January 13, 1999 to 2004.
Spade was succeeded by his brother, Dudley.
In 2010, Spade was the Democratic nominee for the Michigan Senate's 17th district, but was defeated by his Republican opponent.
Spade was nominated by the Democratic Party in 2014 for the Michigan Senate's 16th district, but was again defeated.
In 2019, Spade has announced that he is running for the Michigan Senate's 16th district again.
Spade is married to JoAnn.
Spade has had multiple multiple Leader Dogs.
During his time in the legislature, Spade's Leader Dog was named Toby.
Toby was the first seeing eye dog used by a member of the Michigan Legislature.
Spade's most recent Leader Dog is Lucky.
Mezőtárkány
Mezőtárkány is a village in Heves County, Hungary.
Marcello d'Aste
Marcello d'Aste (1657–1709) was a Roman Catholic cardinal.
On 13 Jan 1692, he was consecrated bishop by Galeazzo Marescotti, Cardinal-Priest of Santi Quirico e Giulitta, with Giuseppe Bologna, Archbishop of Capua, and Stefano Giuseppe Menatti, Titular Bishop of "Cyrene", serving as co-consecrators.
While bishop, he was the principal consecrator of:
and the principal co-consecrator of:
Senator Earle
Senator Earle may refer to:
Senator Early
Senator Early may refer to:
Senator Fletcher
Senator Fletcher may refer to:
Senator Forrester
Senator Forrester may refer to:
Senator Garrison
Senator Garrison may refer to:
Senator Greenwood
Senator Greenwood may refer to:
Senator Halvorson
Senator Halvorson may refer to:
Senator Hyde
Senator Hyde may refer to:
Senator Ingram
Senator Ingram may refer to:
Senator Jacobson
Senator Jacobson may refer to:
Senator Justice
Senator Justice may refer to:
Senator Kane
Senator Kane may refer to:
Senator La Follette
Senator La Follette may refer to:
Senator Loveland
Senator Loveland may refer to:
Senator Mack
Senator Mack may refer to:
Senator Moody
Senator Moody may refer to:
Senator Newbry
Senator Newbry may refer to:
Senator Nye
Senator Nye may refer to:
Senator Oliver
Senator Oliver may refer to:
Senator Otis
Senator Otis may refer to:
Senator Putnam
Senator Putnam may refer to:
Senator Pyle
Senator Pyle may refer to:
Senator Quarles
Senator Quarles may refer to:
Senator Quick
Senator Quick may refer to:
Senator Quincy
Senator Quincy may refer to:
Senator Quitugua
Senator Quitugua may refer to:
Senator Richmond
Senator Richmond may refer to:
Senator Rutherford
Senator Rutherford may refer to:
Senator Sanchez
Senator Sanchez may refer to:
Senator Ten Eyck
Senator Ten Eyck may refer to:
Senator Underwood
Senator Underwood may refer to:
Senator Vance
Senator Vance may refer to:
Senator Ziegler
Senator Ziegler may refer to:
Bükkszenterzsébet
Bükkszenterzsébet is a village in Heves County, Hungary.
County Hospital Louth
County Hospital Louth is a healthcare facility in High Holme Road, Louth, Lincolnshire, England.
It is managed by United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust.
The facility, which was designed by Sir George Gilbert Scott and William Bonython Moffatt, opened as Louth Union Workhouse in 1837.
An infirmary was built at the rear of the site.
It became the Louth County Infirmary in 1930 and, after joining the National Health Service in 1948, it became County Hospital Louth in 1955.
A major programme of fire protection works was carried out at the hospital in autumn 2017.
Frederic Bolton
Sir Frederic Bolton (1851-1920) was an English shipowner and underwriter, he was elected Chairman of Lloyd's of London in 1906.
Frederic Bolton was born in Islington, London, on 7 March 1851.
He founded and became chairman of the Bolton Steam Shipping Company,
In 1878 he became an underwriter at Lloyd's of London and was elected Chairman in 1906.
He was knighted in 1908.
At LLoyd's he worked on the question of the food supply from overseas during war and at the outbreak of the First World War he worked at the Admiralty in connection with protecting overseas trade.
He was knighted in the 1908 Birthday Honours.
At the end of the war he moved to the Ministry of Shipping until his death.
Bolton died on 25 January 1920 in the Hampstead area of London, aged 68
Mohari Junction railway station
Mohari Junction railway station is a small railway station in Dholpur district, Rajasthan.
The station code is MHF.
It serves Khauri Ibrahimpur village and comes under the administrative limit of Agra railway division of North Central Railway zone.
The station consists of one platform, which is not well sheltered.
It lacks many facilities including water and sanitation.
Mohari Junction is a small railway station having one platform and situated about 0.5 km from the State Highway 43.
It is at an elevation of .
Mohari railway station was part of Dholpur Railway metre gauge line which was owned by Maharaja Rana of Dholpur State and opened in February 1908.
The railway line starts at Dholpur city and after Mohari Junction, it bifurcates in two, one towards Tantpur town and the other towards Sarmathura.
John Edward Moran
John Edward Moran more commonly referred to as J. Edward Moran (December 2, 1897 – March 12, 1962) was an American politician who served as the 30th Mayor of Burlington, Vermont.
John Edward Moran was born on December 2, 1897 in Burlington, Vermont to Edward H. Moran and Ellen Frances O'Neill.
He was educated in the parochial schools of Burlington.
He worked at a variety of occupations in his younger years and spent the majority of his career with Abernethy Clarkson Wright, Inc., a Burlington department store, where he was a salesman, shipping clerk, and department manager.
Moran was long active in politics as a Democrat, including serving as a delegate to numerous state and national party conventions.
In addition, Moran served as chairman of the Burlington City and Chittenden County Democratic Committees.
He was an active member of the Knights of Columbus, Order of Alhambra, Society of the Holy Name, Elks Club, and Fraternal Order of Eagles.
In December 1940, Ward 4 Alderman Bernard J. Leddy resigned after being appointed an Assistant U.S. Attorney.
Moran was the only candidate in the low turnout special election and won with all 68 votes cast for him.
He served as an alderman from 1940 to 1949.
He was serving as president of the Board of Aldermen when Mayor John J. Burns resigned to become Burlington's postmaster, elevating Moran to acting mayor.
He was elected to a full two-year term in 1949, and won reelection in 1951, 1953, and 1955.
On March 5, 1957 Claude Douglas Cairns defeated Moran's bid for another term in an upset with 4,053 votes to 3,830.
In 1958, Moran was appointed as one of Burlington International Airport's managers.
He was diabetic in his later years and died at DeGoesbriand Memorial Hospital on March 12, 1962 after suffering multiple heart attacks.
After his death former Mayor James E. Fitzpatrick and Mayor Robert K. Bing praised Moran for his service to the city.
In 1920, Moran married Lauria Mary Brisson (1898-1980) of Burlington.
They were the parents of four children -- Harold, Janice, Lorraine, and Katherine.
Antoine de Ratabon
Antoine [de] Ratabon (1617 – 12 March 1670) was a French aristocrat, who was an arts and architecture administrator during the reign of Louis XIV.
He was Director of the Académie de Peinture et de Sculpture from 1655 to 1670 and Surintendant des Bâtiments (Superintendant of Buildings) from 1656 to 1664.
Ratabon was born in Montpellier, the son of Jean de Ratabon, an equerry, and Catherine Pache from Servien, near Mende.
He became Maître d'Hôtel Ordinaire of King Louis XIV, Trésorier Général de France at Montpellier, and Intendant des Gabelles of Languedoc.
In Paris he became First Assistant to François Sublet de Noyers, who was the Surintendant des Bâtiments under Cardinal Richelieu, and continued in this role under Étienne Le Camus, who succeeded Sublet de Noyers as Surintendant after the latter's dismissal under Cardinal Mazarin in 1643.
Ratabon succeeded Le Camus in 1656.
Ratabon relinquished the post to Jean-Baptiste Colbert on 1 January 1664.
In his role as Surintendant des Bâtiments, Ratabon ordered the demolition of the Hôtel du Petit-Bourbon in October 1660 to make way for the eastward expansion of the Louvre and construction of the Louvre Colonnade.
The order resulted in the eviction without warning of the troupe of Molière from the theatre of the Petit Bourbon and their transfer to the disused and run-down theatre of the Palais-Royal.
By a contract of 1 March 1647, Ratabon married Marie Sanguin, daughter of Nicolas Sanguin, an equerry and sieur de Pierrelaye.
The eight-year-old Louis XIV, his mother Anne d'Autriche, and Cardinal Mazarin were all present and signed the contract.
The couple had several children of which three survived into adulthood:
In 1664 Ratabon constructed a house, the Hôtel de Ratabon, to the designs of the architect Pierre Le Muet on a site on the western border of the garden of the Palais-Royal, now 10 rue de Richelieu in the 1st arrondissement of Paris.
He died in this house in 1670.
It was destroyed in 1873.
9th Defense Battalion
The 9th Defense Battalion was a United States Marine Corps defense battalion and was equipped and trained in both defensive and offensive weapons (50 caliber, 20mm, 40mm, 90mm, and 155mm "Long Tom" artillery).
The battalion was sent to the Pacific Theater of Operations and took part in combat operations at Guadalcanal and the Landings on Rendova, the defense of Battle of Munda Point and the Invasion of Guam.
The unit, like all other defense battalions, was renamed in 1944, becoming the 9th Antiaircraft Artillery Battalion in September, 1944 and returning to the U.S. in 1946.
Formed during World War II in February, 1942 at Parris Island, South Carolina, the battalion was sent to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba in July, 1942.
The battalion consisted of 3 batteries 90 mm AA artillery; 2 batteries 155 mm “Long Tom” seacoast artillery; 3 batteries each 40mm, 20mm and 50 caliber weapons designed as both anti-tank and anti-air artillery.
Together with fire control apparatus, transport, and support units the battalion comprised about 1,300 men.
After Guantanamo Bay the battalion was sent through the Panama Canal to Noumea, New Caledonia where equipment was trans-loaded onto the attack transport USS Hunter Liggett that took the 9th DB to Guadalcanal in November, 1942.
The battalion setup its weapons at Koli Point, and promptly shot down a dozen enemy planes.
In June 1943 the battalion left Guadalcanal and took part in the Landings on Rendova, set up its artillery and fought off attempts by the Japanese to regain control.
The 155 mm “long toms” shelled Japanese positions of New Georgia and by October the battalion made the move onto the island of New Georgia to defend the Munda Airfield and assist in the
After securing New Georgia the battalion was moved to Mbanika in the Russell Islands for a period of rest and relaxation prior to its next assignment that involved the recapture of Guam in the Marianas Islands.
The battalion landed at Agana, Guam in July, 1944.
On Guam most of the Japanese defenders retreated to the cliffs at the northern end of the island where thousands committed suicide by jumping to their deaths.
The Battalion suffered from very high rates of dengue fever during the Guam campaign and while this was not fatal it did incapacitate many Marines.
Like all other defense battalions in 1944, the unit was re-designated and the 9th was renamed the 9th Antiaircraft Artillery Battalion in September, 1944.
The unit remained on Guam for the duration of the war and returned to the U.S. in 1946.
Regina North
Regina North was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada.
This district consisted of the northern third of the city of Regina.
The riding existed for just the 1964 Saskatchewan general election.
It was created out of part of the four-seat Regina City riding.
It was abolished into the ridings of Regina North West, Regina Centre and Regina North East.
Herman H. Dignan
Herman Henry Dignan (November 6, 18901956) was a Michigan politician.
Dignan was born on November 6, 1890 in Saginaw, Michigan.
Dignan attended public schools in Frankenmuth, Michigan.
Dignan worked as a hardware dealer.
On November 6, 1934, Dignan was elected as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from the Shiawassee County district.
He served in this position from January 2, 1935 to 1938.
On November 8, 1939, he was elected as a member of the Michigan Senate from the 15th district.
He served in this position from January 4, 1939 to 1942.
Dignan was a delegate to Republican National Convention from Michigan in 1940 and 1944.
Dignan served as Michigan Secretary of State from 1943 to 1946.
Dignan married Nell T. "Nelly" Haley in 1913 in Flint, Michigan.
Dignan was a member of the Freemasons and the Shriners.
Dignan was Congregationalist.
Dignan died in 1956 and was interred at Oak Hill Cemetery in Owosso, Michigan.
Art Fierro
Arthur "Art" Fierro is a Texas Democratic politician that serves in the Texas House of Representatives for district 79.
Fierro's hometown is El Paso, Texas.
Fierro has attended El Paso Community College and University of Texas at El Paso.
His wife is Annabelle Perez, who is a District Court Judge, have one daughter Julianna.
He works as a public relations consultant.
Fierro served on the El Paso Community College Board of Trustees between 2006 and 2019.
Fierro currently serves in the Texas House of Representatives from the 79th district.
He assumed office on February 12, 2019.
Fierro is affiliated with the Democratic Party.
6ixUpsideDown
6ixUpsideDown is the debut compilation album by 6ixBuzz.
It was released on October 19, 2018, via its own 6ixBuzz Entertainment record label and Blue Feather Records.
6ixUpsideDown is the debut playlist/compilation album by Toronto-based entertainment and media company 6ixBuzz.
The album was supported by the lead single "Up and Down" by Pressa & Houdini.
NorthernSound
Northern Sound is the second compilation album by 6ixBuzz.
It was released on December 13, 2019, via its own 6ixBuzz Entertainment record label.
NorthernSound is the second playlist/compilation album by Toronto-based entertainment and media company 6ixBuzz.
The album contains 13-tracks and features Toronto based artists including NorthSideBenji, Houdini, Casper TNG, K Money, Pvrx, LocoCity, Da Crook, Puffy L’z, Ramriddlz, Roney, and more.
It was released on December 13, 2019, via digital download including Apple Music and Spotify.
The lead single, "Too Soft" by Northside Benji and Houdini, was premiered on BBC 1xtra by Kenny Allstar.
The album was the last appearance by Bvlly and Why-S before their deaths on Christmas Eve.
Grizzly Mountain (Canada)
Grizzly Mountain is a mountain summit located in Glacier National Park, in the Hermit Range of the Selkirk Mountains in British Columbia, Canada.
Grizzly Mountain is situated northeast of Revelstoke, and west of Golden.
It is also set north of Cheops Mountain, and west of Rogers Pass from which it can be seen from the Trans-Canada Highway.
The closest peak to Grizzly is Ursus Minor Mountain, to the west-southwest, and its nearest higher peak is Mount Sifton, to the north.
The first ascent of the mountain was made August 31, 1901, by John E. Bushnell, August S. Eggers, Karl Schuluneggar, and Friedrich Michel via the southeast couloir.
The first ascent of the north ridge was made in 1921 by Neal Carter, Tom Fyles, and Don Munday.
The west ridge was first climbed by Georgia Engelhard and Ernest Feuz in 1933.
The mountain's name was adopted in 1906, then re-approved September 8, 1932, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
It was so-named because of its proximity above Bear Creek (since renamed Connaught Creek), and in keeping with the bear theme of other nearby features such as Ursus Major Mountain, Ursus Minor Mountain, Bruins Pass, and Balu Pass.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Grizzly Mountain is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain and meltwater from a small unnamed glacier on its northwest slope drains into tributaries of the Beaver River and Illecillewaet River.
2019–20 Naisten Liiga season
The 2019–20 Naisten Liiga season is the thirty-seventh season of the Naisten Liiga, the premier level of women's ice hockey in Finland, since the league’s establishment in 1982.
The season format designated for the 2019–20 season was a modified version of the format established for the 2018–19 season.
While the opening series remained unchanged, the divisional series was expanded to six teams in each division.
In order to fill the two empty slots of the Lower Division, two teams from the Naisten Mestis were added to the Liiga for the divisional series and onward.
The playoff format was modified to account for the increased number of teams; eight teams would qualify for the playoffs rather than the previous six.
This change allowed for a traditional single-elimination tournament to be played from the quarterfinal stage rather than having the top two teams automatically progress to the semifinal round.
Preliminary series
The preliminary series () is played as a double round-robin plus a two-game Opening Weekend Tournament; each of the ten teams plays a total of twenty matches.
Points are awarded by match outcome, regulation wins earn three points, overtime wins earn 2 points, overtime losses earn 1 point, and no points are awarded for regulation losses.
The points earned in the opening series determine which division a team will be sorted for the continuation of the season.
Divisional series
In the divisional series, the teams are grouped into two divisions of six teams.
Each division is played as a double round-robin, each team plays a total of ten games.
The top six ranked teams in the preliminary series qualify for the Upper Division ().
Upper Division teams are guaranteed placement in the playoffs; the points earned in the ten divisional series games are added to the points totals from the preliminary series and used to establish the teams' playoff berths, from first to sixth.
The bottom four teams in the opening series move on to the Lower Division (), where they are joined by the top two teams from the Cross-Qualifiers () of the Naisten Mestis, the league directly below Naisten Liiga.
The Lower Division teams compete for the seventh and eighth seed positions in the playoffs; only the top two ranked teams from the Lower Division earn places in the playoffs.
Unlike the in Upper Division, all Lower Division teams start the divisional series with zero points, only points earned in the series are considered when the teams are ranked.
Qualifying series
The Lower Division teams ranked third through sixth continue on to the qualifying series ().
The points earned in the six qualifying series games are added to the points totals from the Lower Division divisional series.
The two teams with the highest point totals qualify for the 2020–21 Naisten Liiga season, the two lower ranked teams are relegated to the Naisten Mestis for the following season.
Teams promoted from the Naisten Mestis to the Lower Division
Series was played from 7 September to 24 November 2019.
Top six teams advanced to the Upper Division (), while teams ranking sixth through tenth progressed to the Lower Division ().
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Upper Division<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Lower Division<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
The Naisten Liiga 2019–2020 Playoffs are scheduled to begin 22 February 2020.
Preliminary series
The following players led the league in regular season points at the conclusion of the preliminary series on 24 November 2019.
Divisional series
The following players led the Upper Division in regular season points at the conclusion of match(es) played on 29 January 2020.
The following players led the Lower Division in regular season points at the conclusion of match(es) played on 29 January 2020.
Preliminary series
The following goaltenders led the league in regular season save percentage at the conclusion of the preliminary series on 24 November 2019, while starting at least one third of matches.
Divisional series
The following goaltenders led the Upper Division in regular season save percentage at the conclusion of match(es) on 29 January 2020, while starting at least one third of matches.
The following goaltenders led the Lower Division in regular season save percentage at the conclusion of match(es) on 29 January 2020, while starting at least one third of matches.
Oola Castle
Oola Castle is a tower house located in County Limerick, Ireland.
Oola Castle is located east of the village of Oola.
It lies in the Golden Vale, southeast of Limerick.
It should not be confused with the castle in Ballyneety nearby, which is sometimes called "Oola Castle."
The current building dates to the late 16th century and was built by the O'Briens.
It is classified as a "later" tower house; according to Claire Foley and Colm Donnelly, "greater provision of heat and light, married to Renaissance concepts of symmetry, was incorporated into the traditional building form to create a new tower-house paradigm, as expressed at buildings such as Oola [Castle]."
In 1825, antlers of the Irish elk were discovered; and, in 1828, a bronze trumpet, spear and arrow heads of bronze were found.
Both were placed in the museum of Trinity College, Dublin.
A local legend concerns a princess named Theresa who lived in the castle in the 18th century; she was very fond of oranges and was later forced to move to County Cavan for unclear reasons.
The castle is a square six-storey limestone tower house.
There are circular bartizans on the northeast and southwest corners.
The upper windows have hood moulding, and the east and west walls have their original fireplaces.
When it was in use, it would have had whitewashed walls, gables crowned with chimneys and mullioned windows.
1986–87 FDGB-Pokal
The 1986–87 FDGB-Pokal was the 36th edition of the East German Cup.
The competition was won by 1.
FC Lokomotive Leipzig, who beat Hansa Rostock 4–1 in the final.
It was Leipzig's second consecutive victory in the FDGB-Pokal and fourth overall.
Danny van der Tuuk
Danny van der Tuuk (born 5 November 1999) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist.
He is the older brother of fellow racing cyclist Axel van der Tuuk.
Anna Amtmann
Anna Amtmann is a Professor for Molecular Plant Physiology at the University of Glasgow.
She serves as Editor-in-Chief of the journal "Plant, Cell & Environment".
Amtmann studied mathematics and biology at the University of Paris and Heidelberg University.
She was an Erasmus Programme student at the University of Barcelona.
Amtmann completed her graduate degrees in biology in the laboratory of at the University of Göttingen.
Her doctoral research involved the use of electrophysiology to study unicellular marine algae, in an effort to understand how they maintain homeostasis for calcium and sodium ions.
In 1993, after earning her PhD, Amtmann investigated ion transport properties in barley in Dale Sanders' laboratory at the University of York.
Whilst at York she developed microarrays that could be used to monitor how ion transporters responded to nutrient deficiency and salinity.
Amtmann was appointed a lecturer at the University of Glasgow in 2001 and was promoted to Professor in 2014.
She spent 2007 on sabbatical at the Max Planck Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology in Golm.
Her research considers the mechanisms by which plants adapt to nutrient deficiency, drought and salinity.
She has explored how solar-powered microorganisms could be used to extra salt from seawater.
Salt is toxic in seawater because it causes dehydration in cells and can distort the shape of proteins.
Marine organisms have developed strategies to avoid toxicity, and Amtmann looks to identify these organisms, fit them with molecular engines and encourage them to take up salt until they are saturated with salt.
The salt-packed cells will die and can be removed from the system, leaving fresh water and a waste product that can be used for bio-cosmetics and pharmaceuticals.
Amtmann's research has been supported by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council.
She leads "Algae UK", one of six Networks in Industrial Biotechnology and Bioenergy (NIBBs) that look to support the UK's transition to a low carbon economy.
Algae UK looks to increase research and development into high value products created from microalgae and macroalgae, as well as increasing attention to cyanobacterial synthetic biology.
Amtmann is the editor-in-chief of "Plant, Cell & Environment".
Amtmann is married to Pawel Herzyk, who she met during her first postdoctoral position at the University of York.
Together they have twin boys.
Arbury Hills, Illinois
Arbury Hills is an unincorporated community in Will County, Illinois, United States.
The television station W25DW-D is located in Arbury Hills.
2018–19 Liga IV Olt
The 2018–19 Liga IV Olt was the 51st season of the Liga IV Olt, the fourth tier of the Romanian football league system.
The season began on 26 August 2018 and ended on 9 June 2019.
Due to the expansion of the format from 12 to 19 teams at the end of the previous season no one was relegated.
Relegated from Liga III
Promoted from Liga V Olt
Promoted to Liga III
Relegated to Liga V Olt
Final
The Comrads (album)
The Comrads is a self-titled debut studio album by American West Coast hip hop duo The Comrads.
It was released on July 8, 1997 via Street Life Records.
Production was handled by "Big Jessie" Willard, Young Tre, Bub, Binky Mack, Ant Banks and the Comrads' Terrell "Gangsta" Anderson.
It features guest appearances from Westside Connection and AllFrumTha I.
The album peaked at #113 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart in the United States.
Its single "Homeboyz" was also charted on the "Billboard" charts.
AnnaCarinaPop
AnnaCarinaPop is the third studio album by Peruvian singer Anna Carina released on June 15, 2010.
The album was released on June 15, 2010 to great reviews and was certified platinum in Perú.
Cielo Sin Luz was released in 2009 as the lead single for the album.
The song had airplay success in Perú and other parts of South America.
The song reached the top spot on MTV Latin America allowing Anna Carina to enter markets such as Argentina, Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela, Chile, Puerto Rico, and United States.
The song was nominated for Song of the Year and Video of the Year at the Orgullosamente Latino Awards in 2010.
Ya Fue Demasiado was released as the album's second single in 2010.
The song topped the MTV Latin American songs list a few weeks after its release.
Dime Si Esto Es Amor was released in 2011 as the third single of the album.
The song had success in Perú being considered as the most important song on several radio stations.
The music video was released on April 4, 2011 on MTV Latin America.
The song was featured on the telenovela Mi corazón insiste en Lola Volcán which aired on Telemundo.
Me Cansé was released in 2012 as the fourth and final single from the album.
The song had big airplay success in Perú and features a guitar solo from Peruvian singer-songwriter Pedro Suárez-Vértiz who also appears in the video.
His appearance on the video got a lot of attention since he had been away from the spotlight for a while due to throat cancer.
All credits adapted from Discogs.
Soufiane Karkache
Soufiane Karkache (born 2 July 1999) is a Belgian-Moroccan footballer.
Bogdan Rzońca
Bogdan Rzońca is a Polish politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Law and Justice political party.
Joanna Kopcińska
Joanna Kopcińska is a Polish politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Law and Justice political party.
Andżelika Możdżanowska
Andżelika Możdżanowska is a Polish politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Law and Justice political party.
Pouria Aria Kia
Pouria Aria Kia (; born 3 May 1990) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a Winger for Iranian club Pars Jonoubi in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
He made his debut for Pars Jonoubi in 1st fixtures of 2019–20 Iran Pro League against Persepolis.
2019–20 FC St. Pauli season
The 2019–20 FC St. Pauli season is the 109th season in the football club's history and 9th consecutive season in the second division of German football, the 2.
Bundesliga and 27th overall.
In addition to the domestic league, FC St. Pauli also are participating in this season's edition of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal.
This is the 57th season for FC St. Pauli in the Millerntor-Stadion, located in St. Pauli, Hamburg, Germany.
The season covers a period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
"Players ages are as of 1 July 2019"
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
!
colspan="13" style="background:#DCDCDC; text-align:center" | Players transferred out during the season
2020 Jordanian general election
General elections are scheduled to be held in Jordan in September 2020.
The 130 seats in the House of Representatives consist of 115 members elected by open list proportional representation from 23 constituencies of between three and nine seats in size and 15 seats reserved for women.
Nine of the 115 proportional representation seats are reserved for the Christian minority, with another three reserved for the Chechen and Circassian minorities.
The 15 seats for women are awarded to the woman who received the most votes (but failed to be elected on their list) in each of the twelve governorates and the three Badia districts.
Idaho Republican Building
The Idaho Republican Building, at 167 W. Bridge St. in Blackfoot, Idaho, was built in 1916.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
It is a one-story red brick building, the former home and printing office of the Idaho Republican newspaper.
It is in plan.
It is built upon a foundation and basement of steel-reinforced concrete.
It was designed by architects Cannon & Fetzer in the late 19th and 20th century and Mission/Spanish Revival style.
It was built by the local contractor Dahle & Eccles.
The building has also been known as the American Land Title Company.
Newholme Hospital
Newholme Hospital is a community healthcare facility at Baslow Road in Bakewell, Derbyshire.
It was managed by Derbyshire Community Health Services NHS Foundation Trust.
It is a Grade II listed building.
The facility, which was designed by a Mr Johnson of Sheffield in the Jacobean style, opened as Bakewell Union Workhouse in 1841.
A large infirmary block was built to the rear of the site in 1900.
It became the Bakewell Public Assistance Institution in 1930 and then joined the National Health Service as Newholme Hospital in 1948.
Although it was announced in July 2017 that the hospital would close, it was confirmed, in December 2018, that a new health hub would be built on part of the site.
Køpi
Køpi (also known as Köpi or Koepi) is a housing project (German: "Hausprojekt") located at 137 Köpenicker Straße in Mitte, Berlin.
It was squatted in 1990 and legalised in 1991 as an autonomous housing project and self-managed social centre.
The yard was used as a "wagenplatz" for people living in vehicles.
It is a left-wing project, connected to punks, anarchists and Autonomen.
The building has become a symbol for the radical left in Berlin in the same manner as Rozbrat in Poznań or Ungdomshuset in Copenhagen.
It has survived several eviction attempts both through political pressure and because the developers have always run out of money.
The building was constructed in 1905 for a Jewish businessman.
A symmetrical Gründerzeit facade stands flanked by two short wings.
What can be seen from the street used to be the back of the building, since the front half was destroyed by bombing at the end of World War II and was never rebuilt.
The surfaces of the building are damaged from the bombs and subsequent neglect, with most of the stucco gone.
During World War II, the building was used by the Allgemeine Elektrizitäts-Gesellschaft (the general electricity company) to house French forced labourers.
After the war, the building lay in East Berlin.
Under the German Democratic Republic (GDR), the building was used for sports activities and there was a bowling alley in the basement.
By 1990, it had become vacant and was scheduled to be demolished.
Køpi was squatted on February 23, 1990, by Autonomen from West Berlin.
Despite the terrible state of the building, the squatters were attracted by the large rooms.
The police did not attempt to evict the occupation, which marked the first time people from West Berlin had squatted in East Berlin.
The squatters legalised their occupation with the district council of Mitte in 1991.
From the very beginning, Køpi was a radical left space where anarchists, socialists, queers and musicians were welcome.
The building itself is covered in banners and graffiti.
It became known as Køpi because the squatters chose to use the Danish "ø" despite the name coming from the name of the street (Köpenicker Straße).
Køpi is also spelt Koepi, Köpi and even occasionally Kopi in English or Spanish texts.
Køpi has become a important symbol for the radical left in Berlin, linked to projects elsewhere such as the Ungdomshuset in Copenhagen and Rozbrat in Poznań.
The building was owned by the GDR and then by the state which succeeded it.
In 1995, the government sold the building to Volquard Petersen, who wished to develop the site into the Sun Courtyards (German: "Sonnenhöf").
He then ran out of money and the project was shelved.
Petersen fell into debt with the Commerzbank and the building was foreclosed.
In 1999, the district of Mitte carried out a forced auction.
The auction was unsuccessful with none of almost 30 participants offering to buy the property, which had an estimated value of 5.4 million marks.
The offer of Køpi residents to buy the building for one mark was rejected, alongside their request for the terrain to be declared a 'special use site for experimental living' (German: "Sondernutzungsfläche für experimentelles Wohnen").
In the meantime, the residents carried out essential repairs such as plumbing and preferred not to repair the facade, since they wanted to remember the chequered history of the building.
They also carried out many political actions designed to ensure their survival in the house and this made the building unattractive to investors.
For example, when another auction of the building was held in 2007, outside the courtroom there were 300 supporters of Køpi and also 300 hundred police officers.
Beforehand, the police had voiced concerns about violence, warning that the political situation was already tense after a solidarity demonstration for Ungdomshuset.
The auction was this time successful, the building being sold for €835,000 (half the estimated market value) to an agent of the new owner called Besnik Fichtner, an Albanian managing director of the company Plutonium 114.
He also bought two neighbouring properties for €900,000.
The actual new owner was the company Novum Köpenicker Straße 133-138 GmbH.
Other sources reported the new owner as the previously unknown company VKB GmbH & Co. KG.
The Versicherungskammer Bayern in Münich and the Volkskreditbank in Linz were forced to deny they had anything to do with the company, despite having the same initials as it.
Køpi was immediately threatened with eviction.
After one week, the Køpi residents had uncovered a paper trail leading to Berlin-based real estate developer Siegfried Nehls.
They visited Nehls' parents unannounced and his father invited them to drink tea before Nehls' brother called the police.
After one month, the police raided Nehls' headquarters (named as Vitalis Beteiligungsgesellschaft für Altbauten mbH) and twenty other properties, investigating financial irregularities.
By 2008, Fichtner had fallen out with Nehls and signed a 30 year rental contract with the inhabitants of Køpi.
There had been no actual signed agreement between Plutonium 114 and Nehls, so Fichtner was entitled to make a contract.
However, Fichtner then fell into debt and Commerzbank again called for a forced auction of Køpi in 2013.
There were also several auctions related to the "wagenplatz", which was not covered by the new rental agreement.
There were 50 people living in the house in 2016 and 50 in the "wagenplatz", a yard next to the house where people lived in vehicles and wagons.
In addition to being a housing project, the building hosted a variety of activities, including a bar, vegan café, concert venue, cinema, infoshop, gym, printing workshop, rehearsal space and a climbing wall.
The project is run by a weekly plenary which takes place on Sundays.
Only inhabitants of Köpi and members of projects using the space are allowed to attend.
No mobile phones are permitted.
A report by the Senate Department of Internal Affairs and the police in 2017 stated that "in general, it can be determined that the object Köpi 137 serves both as a retreat for left-motivated criminals and as a starting point for crimes."
In response, a Køpi spokesperson stated that "the presence of police on our site is often met with hostility, the parking of tourist buses and structural changes in the area are perceived as an expression of gentrification processes.
Displeasure about these things occasionally results in criminally relevant actions."
John Stephen Benezet
John Stephen Benezet (22 Jun 1683, Abbeville - 4 Apr 1751, Germantown) was a French Huguenot refugee who fled France first to Rotterdam, then London before settling in Germantown, Pennsylvania, USA
He was the son of Jean Benezet and Marie Madeleine Testart
In 1715 he left France after all his goods had been seized.
After spending time in Rotterdam he moved to London, where he went into business with his brother Jacques/James Benezet.
Marilyn Saviola
Marilyn E. Saviola (July 13, 1945 – November 23, 2019) was an American disability rights activist, executive director of the Center for the Independence of the Disabled in New York from 1983 to 1999, and vice president of Independence Care System after 2000.
Saviola, a polio survivor from Manhattan, New York, is known nationally within the disability rights movement for her advocacy for people with disabilities and had accepted many awards and honors for her work.
On July 13, 1945, Saviola was born in Manhattan at the New York Hospital.
Her parents, Peter Saviola and Camilla 'Millie' Saviola, who had no other children, were Italian immigrants who ran a candy shop/luncheonette in the Bronx.
In August 1955, a few weeks after her tenth birthday, Saviola contracted polio.
She was hospitalized at Willard Parker Hospital, a communicable disease hospital, and placed in an iron lung for two months.
The polio caused her quadriplegia; she used a wheelchair and a ventilator.
Because her family's home was not accessible, Saviola lived at Goldwater Memorial Hospital on Roosevelt Island during her teen years.
Saviola was part of creating the hospital's ward for young adult patients, with more age-appropriate routines, activities and outings.
She attended Long Island University, earning a bachelor's degree in psychology in 1970.
For her freshman year, she and another Goldwater patient attended classes remotely, by telephone, and took tests by mail, an arrangement "believed to be the first of its kind used in a hospital in the state".
She later earned a master's degree in rehabilitation counseling from New York University.
She met activist Judy Heumann at LIU, where they were both students.
Saviola was a rehabilitation counselor for 11 years at Goldwater Memorial Hospital in the 1970s and early 1980s.
While working at Goldwater Memorial, Saviola assisted individuals with severe physical disabilities and helped them with transitioning from living in the hospital to living in the community.
She was executive director of the Center for the Independence of the Disabled in New York from 1983 to 1998, and vice president of Independence Care System after 2000.
She chaired the Manhattan Borough Disability Advisory Group, and served on the boards of the Association of Independent Living Centers in New York, Disabled in Action, and the New York City Medicaid Managed Care Task Force.
Saviola worked for state legislation to support community living and independence for disabled New Yorkers.
Saviola had particular interest in disabled women's rights and health issues.
In 1979, she spoke at one of the first conferences on disabled women's lives, sponsored by the New York City Commission on the Status of Women and the Mayor's Office for the Handicapped.
Her fellow speakers included disability rights activists Sandra Schnur, Maria Nardone, and Frieda Zames.
Her advocacy work was credited in 2019 at the opening of a new radiology unit at NYC Health + Hospitals' Morrisania location in the Bronx, which featured accessible examination tables and mammography equipment.
In 2015, she received the Henry Viscardi Achievement Award for her lifetime of work in disability rights and in 2017, the New York State Disability Rights Hall of Fame inducted Saviola as part of their inaugural class of inductees.
On November 23, 2019, Saviola died at her home in Brooklyn at age 74 years.
At the time Robert Geraghty was her long-term partner.
An oral history interview with Saviola, about her life and activism, was recorded in 2001, is archived with the Disability Rights and Independent Living Movement (DRILM) Oral History Project at the Bancroft Library in Berkeley, California.
Paweł Czerwiński
Paweł Czerwiński (born 25 August 1965, in Kraków) is a Polish diplomat, ambassador to North Macedonia (since 2018).
Czerwiński graduated in 1989 from Jagiellonian University, Faculty of Law and Administration.
He started working for the Kraków public prossecutor's office.
In 1990, he joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Poland, starting from the attaché post at the Embassy of Poland in Moscow.
Between 1991 and 1996 he served at the embassy in Riga, supervising the legal, political and economic relations.
At that time, he authored a manual on restitution of the properties nationalized after the World War II.
For the next two years, he was desk officer for relations with Lithuania.
From 1998 to 2002 he was First Secretary for political affairs at the embassy in Ljubljana, for the first three years being in charge of not only Slovenia but also Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In autumn 2002, he was back in Warsaw, as a specialist for Serbia, Montenegro, Kosovo, and Bosnia and Gerzegovina.
Since August 2004, Czerwiński has been heading as chargé d’affaires the embassy in Ankara.
In July 2006 he became deputy chief of mission in Belgrade, being responsible for Polish-Serbian relations, Polish-Montenegrin relations (until the embassy in Podgorica in 2007 was opened), as well as cooperation with Polish soldiers and police officers serving in Kosovo.
Upon return from Belgrade in August 2012, he worked at the Diplomatic Protocol and the Inspectorate of the Foreign Service.
Since September 2013, he held the position of the Minister's Secretariat deputy director.
On 24 July 2015, he was nominated Poland ambassador to Slovenia, presenting his letter of credence on 17 September 2015.
Czerwiński is married, with a son.
Besides Polish, he speaks English, Russian, Serbian, Slovene, and French.
Peter Morey
Peter Morey (17981881) was the 2nd Michigan Attorney General.
Morey was born in Cazenovia, New York in 1798.
Morey was a Democrat.
Morey was admitted to the bar in 1831.
He praticed law in New York for four years until in 1835 he moved to Tecumseh, Michigan.
In 1837, Morey moved to Detroit.
He served as Michigan Attorney General from 1837 to 1841.
Morey then moved to back to Tecumseh for some years until finally moving to Marion, Ohio.
Morey died in Marion, Ohio in 1881.
Sady Salinas
Sady Belén Salinas Ayala (born 27 October 1994) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a right back for Deportivo Capiatá and the Paraguay women's national team.
Salinas represented Paraguay at the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
At senior level, she played the 2014 Copa América Femenina.
She also played on 4 October 2019 in a 1–1 friendly draw against Venezuela.
Atkár
Atkár is a village in Heves County, Hungary.
Murder of Artemus Ogletree
On January 5, 1935, a man who had given his name as Roland T. Owen, later identified as Artemus Ogletree, died at a hospital in Kansas City, Missouri, United States, of beating and stabbing injuries.
His death was preceded by a two-day stay in Room 1046 at the Hotel President in the city's Power & Light District marked by communication with someone named "Don", and unusual behavior and incidents noted by the hotel's staff, before he was found wounded in his room the morning of his death.
When no next of kin could be located, leading to suspicions that his name was an alias, his body was stored in a local funeral parlor for almost two months.
A planned burial in the city's potter's field was averted when an anonymous donor provided funds for a funeral and a floral arrangement signed "Louise".
The man's true identity remained unknown for a year and a half until Ruby Ogletree, an Alabama woman who had seen a photo of a distinctive scar on his head in the news, identified him as her son Artemus.
She said he had left Birmingham in 1934 at the age of 17 to hitchhike to California.
Later she received two letters purportedly from him, some from as far away as Egypt.
In August 1935 a caller claiming to be from Memphis, Tennessee, told her that Artemus was in Cairo.
The letters had also been sent after Artemus's death.
Records kept by shipping companies found no records that Ogletree had gone to Egypt.
No other suspect has ever been identified.
The letters later were used to link the killing to a 1937 murder in New York, but no charges were filed against the man arrested in that case, one of whose aliases had been "Donald Kelso".
The FBI later investigated but was unable to produce any new leads.
In 2012, a historian at the Kansas City Public Library wrote two posts on the library's blog about the case.
At the end of the last one he revealed that in 2003 or 2004, he had taken a call from someone out of state related to the case.
The caller said that they had been helping to inventory the belongings of a recently deceased elderly person when they found a box with newspaper clippings about the Ogletree case and an item mentioned repeatedly in the stories, but they refused to say what that item was.
The Kansas City police continue to investigate.
Artemus Ogletree was born in Florida in 1915, one of three children.
During his childhood an accident with some hot grease left a sizable scar on his head above his ear, which remained hairless afterward.
In 1934 he left his family, by then living in Birmingham, Alabama, to hitchhike to California.
He kept them updated on his progress by mail; they wired him money.
Early on the afternoon of January 2, 1935, Ogletree walked into the Hotel President, in the Power & Light District of Kansas City, Missouri, and asked for an interior room several floors up, giving his name as Roland T. Owen, with a Los Angeles address.
Staff remembered him as dressed well and wearing a dark overcoat; he brought no bags with him.
Ogletree paid for one night.
The staff noted that in addition to the visible scar on his temple, he had cauliflower ear, and concluded he was probably a boxer or professional wrestler.
They believed him to be in his early 20s.
Randolph Propst, a bellhop, accompanied Ogletree up in the elevator to the 10th floor.
On the way, Ogletree told him that he had spent the previous night at the nearby Muehlebach Hotel but found the $5 ($ in current dollars) nightly rate too high.
Propst opened Room 1046, which per the guest's request was on the inside, overlooking the hotel's courtyard rather than the street outside.
He watched as Ogletree took a hairbrush, comb and toothpaste from his overcoat pocket, the extent of his unpacking.
After Ogletree put those items above the sink, he and Propst left the room.
The bellboy returned to lock it, and gave Ogletree the key.
After returning to the lobby, he saw Ogletree leave the hotel.
A short time afterward, Mary Soptic, one of the hotel maids, returned from a day off to work the afternoon shift.
She went into Room 1046 and was surprised to find Ogletree there, since the previous night a woman had been in the room.
She apologized, but he said she could go ahead and clean the room.
While she did, she noticed that he had the shades drawn and left only one dim lamp on.
This would remain the case when she encountered Ogletree in the room on other occasions during his stay.
"He was either worried about something or afraid" in addition to this preference for low light, she told police later.
After she had been cleaning for a few minutes, Ogletree put his overcoat on and brushed his hair.
He then left, but asked her to leave the room unlocked as he was expecting some friends in a few minutes.
Soptic did as he asked.
At 4 p.m., she returned to the room with freshly laundered towels.
Inside, the room was dark.
She saw Ogletree lying on the bed, fully dressed.
Visible in the light from the hallway was a note on his bedside table that read "Don: I will be back in fifteen minutes.
Wait".
The next morning, Soptic returned to Room 1046 around 10:30.
The door was locked, which led her to assume that Ogletree was out since it could only be locked from the outside, but when she opened it with her own key Ogletree was present, sitting in the dark just where he had been the previous afternoon.
The phone rang and he answered it.
"No, Don, I don't want to eat.
I am not hungry.
I just had breakfast ... No, I am not hungry", he said.
Still holding the phone, Ogletree asked Soptic about her job as she cleaned.
He wanted to know if she was responsible for the entire floor, and if the President was residential.
He repeated his complaint about the Muehlebach's exorbitant rates, after which she finished cleaning, and left.
Again at 4 p.m., Soptic returned with fresh towels.
Inside Room 1046, she could hear two men talking, so she knocked.
A voice she described as loud and deep, probably not Ogletree's, asked who it was.
She responded that she had brought fresh towels, to which the voice said "We don't need any".
Yet Soptic knew there were no towels in the room, as she had taken them herself in the morning.
Two hours later, Jean Owen of Lee's Summit, near Kansas City, checked into the President after having shopped in the city for a few hours.
Feeling sick, she had decided not to drive back home that night.
She was given Room 1048; her boyfriend, who worked in a flower shop in the city, came to visit her there at 9:20 p.m. and stayed for two hours.
Later that night, she told police, she heard men and women talking loudly and profanely all over the floor.
Owen was not the only person to note unusual late night activity on the President's 10th floor.
Elevator operator Charles Blocher, who began his shift at midnight, reported later that he was fairly busy until 1:30 a.m. After that time, most of the hotel quieted down for the night, except for a loud party in Room 1055.
Blocher recalled one visitor in particular, a woman he had seen at the hotel visiting male guests in their rooms on other occasions and thus believed to be a prostitute, a conclusion shared by other hotel staff who were familiar with her.
She came in first sometime during his first three hours; he took her to the 10th floor where she asked about Room 1026.
Five minutes later, the elevator was summoned there again; it turned out to be the same woman, who expressed puzzlement that her client was not in Room 1046 since, she said, he had called her and on previous visits with him he had always been present.
She wondered if, in fact, he was in Room 1024 since she could see through the room's transom window that the light was on in there.
She remained on the floor after the conversation.
A half-hour later, Blocher got another signal to take the elevator back to the 10th floor.
The woman was waiting again and he took her down to the lobby.
An hour later he took her, and a different man, to the 9th floor.
At 4:15 a.m., a call from that floor turned out to be the woman; he took her to the lobby and she left the hotel for the night.
Another call to the 9th floor 15 minutes later turned out to be the man who had come up with her.
He told Blocher he could not sleep and was going out for a walk.
Whether these activities are related to the Ogletree case has not been established.
He may not have been at the hotel earlier that night.
At 11 p.m. Robert Lane, a city worker driving on 13th Street near Lydia Avenue, saw a man dressed in only an undershirt, pants and shoes run into his path and flag him down.
When Lane stopped, the man apologized, saying he had taken Lane's car for a taxi.
The man asked Lane if he could take him to somewhere he might be able to get a taxi.
Lane agreed and let the man in.
"You look as if you've been in it bad", he observed; the man swore he would kill someone else tomorrow, presumably in retaliation for whatever had been done to him.
In the mirror Lane saw a deep scratch on the man's arm; he also noticed that he was cupping his arm, possibly to catch blood from a more severe wound.
At the nearby intersection of 12th Street and Troost Avenue, where taxi drivers often waited for fares during the overnight hours, Lane stopped and let the man out.
The man thanked him, got out, and honked the horn of a taxi parked nearby, drawing the driver from a nearby restaurant, after which Lane drove away.
After Ogletree's death, Lane went to view the body.
He saw the same scratch on the arm and went to the police, telling them he believed Ogletree had been the man he picked up.
At 7 a.m., a new switchboard operator, Della Ferguson, came on shift.
She was preparing to make a requested wakeup call to Room 1046 when she noticed a light indicating that the phone there was off the hook.
Propst, who had led Ogletree there two days earlier, was on shift again and drew the assignment.
The door to Room 1046 was locked, with a "Do Not Disturb" sign hanging from the doorknob.
After several loud knocks, a voice from inside told him to enter; however he could not as the door had been locked.
The same voice told him, after another knock, to turn on the lights, but he still could not enter.
Finally, Propst just shouted through the door to hang the phone up, and left.
Propst told Ferguson that the guest in Room 1046 was probably drunk and she should wait another hour.
At 8:30 a.m., the phone had still not been hung up.
Another bellboy, Harold Pike, was sent to the 10th floor.
The "Do Not Disturb" sign was still on the door, and it was still locked, but Pike had a key and let himself in.
Inside he found Ogletree in the dark, lying on the bed naked, apparently drunk.
The light from the hallway showed some dark spots on the bedding, but rather than turn on the room light Pike went to the telephone stand, where he saw the phone had been knocked to the floor.
He put it back on the stand, replacing the handset.
Shortly after 10:30 a.m., another operator reported that the phone in Room 1046 was once again off the hook.
Again Propst was sent to the room to see what was going on; the "Do Not Disturb" sign remained on the knob.
This time he had a key, and after his knocks drew no response, he opened the door and found Ogletree on his knees and elbows two feet (60 cm) away, his head bloodied.
Propst turned the light on, put the phone back on the hook, and then noticed blood on the walls of both the main room and bathroom, as well as on the bed itself.
Propst went downstairs immediately for help.
He returned with the assistant manager, but when they did they could only open the door six inches (15 cm), as Ogletree had in the interim fallen on the floor.
Eventually Ogletree got up and when the two hotel employees were able to enter the room, he went and sat on the edge of the bathtub.
The assistant manager called the police; they were joined by Dr. Harold Flanders of Kansas City General Hospital.
Ogletree had been bound with cord around his neck, wrists, and ankles.
His neck had further bruising, suggesting someone had been attempting to strangle him.
He had been stabbed more than once in the chest above the heart; one of these wounds had punctured his lung.
Blows to his head had left him with a skull fracture on the right side.
In addition to the blood Propst had seen, there was some additional spatter on the ceiling.
Dr. Flanders cut the cords from Ogletree's wrist and asked him who had done this to him.
"Nobody", Ogletree answered.
Asked, then, what had caused these injuries, he said he had fallen and hit his head on the bathtub.
The doctor asked if he had been trying to kill himself.
After saying no, Ogletree lost consciousness and was taken to the hospital.
He was completely comatose by the time he arrived and died shortly after midnight on January 5.
The Kansas City Police Department (KCPD) began investigating immediately by interviewing Jean Owen, whose identical last name and proximity to the dead man overnight struck them as interesting.
They detained her while she told them what she had heard the night before.
After her boyfriend came to the police station and corroborated her account, she was released and returned to Lee's Summit.
Doctors performed an autopsy on Ogletree and determined he had died from his wounds.
Dr. Flanders had examined not just the body but the bloodstains in the room.
Since much of it had dried by the time he had arrived, he estimated the wounds had been inflicted between 4 and 5 a.m. that day, consistent with what Pike had seen and before Propst's first visit.
Detectives searching Room 1046 took note as much of what they did "not" find as what they did.
Consistent with what Propst had observed, there were no clothes in the closets or drawers.
The only evidence of anything other than what Ogletree had been wearing was the tag of a necktie, indicating it had been made by a New Jersey company.
Also missing from the room were the soap, shampoo, and towels provided by the hotel to every room.
There were no knives, which led to the dismissal of suicide as a cause of Ogletree's death since the stab wounds in his chest could not be accounted for; the cords tying him up also suggested the involvement of others.
One of the room's two glasses was found in the sink, missing a piece; the other was on the shelf.
Detectives found some other items that might have been evidence: a hairpin, safety pin, unsmoked cigarette, and a full bottle of diluted sulfuric acid.
Four fingerprints, small enough that detectives believed they had been a woman's, were found on the room's phone; they could not be matched to Ogletree or to any of the hotel employees who had been known to have entered the room.
The police sought help through the press.
Both of the city's evening newspapers carried the story on their front pages the next day.
"There is no doubt that someone else is mixed up in this", Detective Johnson told reporters, confirming that the case was considered a homicide.
It soon became apparent that "Roland T. Owen" was in all likelihood an alias.
Officers in Kansas City contacted the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) to notify next of kin, but were informed that they could find no record that anyone under that name was living in the California city at the time.
The dead man's fingerprints were sent to what was at the time the Justice Department's Bureau of Investigation (later the FBI) to find a possible match in their collection.
A woman called the Hotel President that night to ask what "Roland T. Owen" looked like.
She told the desk that he lived in Clinton, southeast of Kansas City.
On January 6, the Sunday newspapers reported that the man in Room 1046 had died under an assumed name, and tips began coming in.
Members of the public went to the local funeral home where he had been laid out, leading Lane to tell police of his encounter with the man.
After interviewing Lane, Johnson was not as certain as Lane was that the man had been Ogletree, since none of the hotel staff had reported seeing him leave or return during the night of January 3–4.
Police were able to establish one sighting of Ogletree outside the hotel, a report that he had been seen with two women at several "liquor places" on 12th Street.
Wire services began picking up the story, and it ran in newspapers and on radio around the country, with requests to send photographs to Kansas City.
More leads on the man's identity came in as a result, and the KCPD had to devote considerable time to corresponding with police all over the country via mail and telegram to follow up on leads.
Eventually they were able to eliminate many.
In Kansas City, an early lead proved false when a bloodied towel found at the hotel turned out to have been used to clean up Room 1046 after the police had left.
Officers recalled Propst's account that on his way there after he checked in, the man had said that he had left the nearby Muehlebach Hotel after one night due to their high rates, and checked with that hotel's staff.
No Roland T. Owen had checked in there, but staff recalled a man of Ogletree's appearance checking in under the name Eugene K. Scott, also giving Los Angeles as his address, and requesting a room on the interior of the building.
Again, after investigating, the LAPD reported that there was no one by that name in their city.
The mystery seemed solved when a man identified the body as his cousin, but then when the man's sister came to view the body, she confirmed that the cousin had in fact died five years earlier; the resemblance between the two had been very strong.
A week into the investigation, Toni Bernardi, a wrestling promoter from Little Rock, Arkansas, said after viewing the body that the man, identifying himself as Cecil Werner, had approached him around the beginning of December 1934 about wrestling some matches.
Bernardi had referred him to another promoter in Omaha, Nebraska, but that promoter did not recognize Ogletree.
Within a few days, two new homicides in the city drew detectives' attention away from the case, even as more were assigned to the homicide squad.
Leads were still followed, but less vigorously than they had been in the week after the case, and none of them yielded any significant information.
Newspaper coverage likewise dwindled.
The case returned to the newspapers on March 3, when the funeral home where the body had been kept announced it would be burying the man in the city's potter's field the next day.
That day, the funeral home received a call from a man who asked that the funeral be delayed so they could send the funeral home the money for a grave and service at Memorial Park Cemetery in Kansas City, Kansas, so, the caller said, the dead man would be near his sister.
The funeral director warned the caller he would have to tell the police about the call; the caller said he knew and that did not bother him.
The caller was slightly more forthcoming when the funeral director asked why Ogletree had been killed.
According to the caller, Ogletree had had an affair with one woman while engaged to marry another.
The caller and the two women had apparently arranged the encounter with him at the President in order to exact revenge.
"Cheaters usually get what's coming to them!"
the caller said, and hung up.
The service was postponed per the anonymous caller's request.
On March 23, the funeral home received a delivery envelope, the address carefully lettered using a ruler with $25 ($ in current dollars) wrapped in newspaper; it was enough to cover the expenses.
The sender was unknown.
Two additional envelopes with $5 each were sent to a local florist for an arrangement of 13 American Beauty roses to go with the grave, after a similar call was made to them; both phone calls turned out to have been made from pay phones.
Included with this payment was a card, with disguised handwriting, reading "Love Forever – Louise".
The funeral was held shortly afterwards.
Besides the officiating minister, the only attendees were police detectives, some of whom served as pallbearers.
Other detectives, posing as gravediggers, staked out the grave for the next several days, but no one came to visit.
Several days after the funeral, a woman called the "Kansas City Journal-Post"s newsroom to inform them that their earlier story that the dead man from Room 1046 would be buried in a pauper's grave was incorrect, that he had in fact been given a formal funeral.
She said the funeral home and flower shop could verify this.
Asked to identify herself, she said "Never mind, I know what I'm talking about", Pressed for what that was, she responded, "He got into a jam", and ended the conversation.
Images of the dead man continued to be circulated nationwide in the hope of identifying him.
One of these finally did, when a friend of Ruby Ogletree in Birmingham, Alabama, showed her an issue of "The American Weekly", a Sunday newspaper supplement published by the Hearst Corporation, with an article about the case.
The unidentified man looked a great deal like her son Artemus, whom the family had not seen since he left to hitchhike to California in 1934, although he had kept up correspondence with them.
Ruby contacted the KCPD, and was able to provide enough information about the previous pseudonymous corpse, including a description of his head scar, which she explained was the result of a childhood accident in which some hot grease had spilled there.
In November, another issue of the supplement carried a story identifying the man as Artemus Ogletree and explaining how his identity had been determined.
While that question had been answered, Ruby's account raised more questions.
She had received several letters purportedly from her son "after" he had been killed.
The first, early in 1935, postmarked in Chicago, aroused her suspicions since it was typewritten, and Artemus as far as she knew did not know how to type.
It was also written in a highly colloquial style, with much slang, that was not consistent with his previous letters.
In May 1935, another letter purportedly from Artemus said he was going to Europe.
It was followed by a special-delivery letter saying that his ship was sailing that day.
Both missives were sent from New York.
Three months later, in August, Ruby received a telephone call from Memphis, Tennessee.
A man on the other end of the line told her that Artemus had saved his life in a fight.
Artemus himself could not call because he was now living in Cairo, the capital of Egypt, where he had married a wealthy woman and was well.
He was unable to write, the caller said, because he had lost one of his thumbs in the fight where he had saved the caller.
Ruby talked with the man for a half-hour.
She recalled that he had talked wildly and irrationally, but seemed to have firsthand knowledge of Artemus.
She gave the police the name the man identified himself by; it has never been made public.
If Artemus had, at some point before his death, gone to Egypt or anywhere else overseas, he had not done so under his own name.
No steamship company at the time had any record that he had traveled with them.
The consular section at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo was unable to find any evidence he had been there.
Information developed through the police's conversations with Ruby Ogletree helped them establish a third hotel in Kansas City, the St. Regis, where Artemus had stayed.
There, he had roomed with another man.
Whether that had been "Don" could not be established.
In 1937 the New York City police arrested a man named Joseph Martin on a murder charge, after he had killed a man he roomed with and put the body in a trunk to be shipped to Memphis.
Among the several aliases he was found to have used was "Donald Kelso".
According to a story about the case in "The New Yorker", the KCPD had matched samples of his handwriting to that in the letters written to Ruby Ogletree.
No charges were filed against the man for the Ogletree case, and the KCPD kept the case open.
The files show that different detectives reviewed the case every few years through the 1950s.
Each time they noted that they would keep the case open and follow up, but no new evidence was uncovered.
Gradually the case went cold.
In 2003 or 2004, John Horner, a local historian at the Kansas City Public Library, fielded a call from someone out of state who said they had been helping to inventory the belongings of an elderly person who had recently died.
Among them was a shoebox which turned out to be filled with newspaper clippings related to the case, as well as, according to them, one item mentioned in the newspaper stories.
The caller identified neither themselves nor the item.
Horner did not make this public until the conclusion of the second of two posts he made on the library's blog retelling the story in 2012.
The absence of suspects has not prevented theories about the case from arising.
The telephone calls alleging that Ogletree was killed in retaliation for his broken engagement have provided support for that theory.
Organized crime has also been considered, since the name "Don" can also be a title for a Mafia boss.
Lastly, it has been suggested that "Don", whoever he was, killed Ogletree for some personal reason, either with the help of the "commercial woman" Blocher saw in the hotel late that night or by himself.
2018 New Hampshire Senate election
The 2018 New Hampshire Senate election was held on November 6, 2018, concurrently with the elections for the New Hampshire House of Representatives, to elect members to the 166th New Hampshire General Court.
All 24 seats in the New Hampshire Senate were up for election.
It resulted in Democrats gaining control of both chambers of the New Hampshire General Court, ending the total control of New Hampshire's state government, that Republicans had held in New Hampshire since the 2016 state elections.
Primary elections were held on September 11, 2018.
In the 2016 New Hampshire state elections, Republicans held on to their majority of 14-10 in the New Hampshire Senate.
Republicans also maintained control of the New Hampshire House of Representatives.
In addition, Republican Chris Sununu won the open 2016 New Hampshire gubernatorial election giving the New Hampshire Republican Party total control for the first time since Governor Craig Benson was defeated by Democrat John Lynch in the 2004 New Hampshire gubernatorial election.
In the aftermath of his 2016 election, then president-elect Donald Trump claimed in a tweet that voter fraud had occurred in New Hampshire.
In February 2017, Trump advisor Stephen Miller reaffirmed that position by claiming "busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics".
These claims were called "baseless" by several observers.
In response to those allegations, the Republican majorities in the New Hampshire General Court drafted bills changing voter registration rules.
Senate Bill 3 (SB 3) passed both chambers of the New Hampshire General Court on party-line votes and was signed in to law by Governor Sununu on July, 10 2017.
The new law requires voters to declare a "domicile" in New Hampshire.
It also included jail sentences of up to one year or a fine of up to $5,000, if voters registered and not provided necessary paperwork as proof within 10 day or 30 days in smaller towns.
Republicans pointed to over 5,000 voters who voted in the 2016 election after identifying with an out-of-state driver's licence, that have not gotten an in-state licence as of September 2017.
Democrats suspected a voter suppression scheme, that targeted college students, that they think are most likely to use identification issued by other states.
The League of Women Voters, the New Hampshire Democratic Party and several college students challenged the new law in court.
They pointed to the Supreme Court's decision in Symm v. United States, that guaranteed college students the right to vote at their university.
The trial judge of the Hillsborough Superior Court decided on October 22, 2018, that the state cannot apply the law in the upcoming elections.
The Attorney General of New Hampshire's office then filed an emergency motion with the New Hampshire Supreme Court.
The State Supreme Court sided with the state in an unanimous 5-0 decision arguing that overturning the law so close to elections was potentially confusing and disruptive.
The State Supreme Court did not decide on the merits of the law in this decision.
Therefore, SB3 was first applied in the 2018 elections.
In the 2018 elections, Democrats saw gains in state elections across the countries, gaining multiple Governorships and legislative chambers.
Democrats also won control of the United States House of Representatives for the first time since 2010.
Commentators called the election results a "blue wave", that was especially pronounced in state elections.
In the New Hampshire Senate, Democrats were able to flip Districts 9, 11, 12, 23 and 24, while the Republicans flipped District 1.
The Democratic gains were mostly in less rural areas in Southern and Eastern New Hampshire while the Republican gains were limited to one rural seat in the North Country.The incumbent Democratic Senator in District 1 one was accused of domestic violence and charged a few months before the election.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Jeff Woodburn had represented the New Hampshire's 1st State Senate District since 2012.
Senator Woodburn had also served as Senate Minority Leader since 2014.
Woodburn was arrested on August 2, 2018 on simple assault, domestic violence, criminal mischief, and criminal trespass charges.
Democratic Party Chairman Raymond Buckley called on him to resign.
On August 6, Woodburn announced he would resign as the minority leader but would remain as a senator.
He won the Democratic primary on September 11, 2018, but was defeated by Republican David Starr in the 2018 general election.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Bob Giuda had represented the New Hampshire's 2nd State Senate District since 2016.
He won reelection against Democrat Bill Bolton.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Jeb Bradley had represented the New Hampshire's 3rd State Senate District since 2009.
He won reelection against Democrat Christopher Meier and Libertarian Tania Butler.
Incumbent Democrat State Senator David Watters had represented the New Hampshire's 4th State Senate District since 2012.
He was reelected without opposition.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Martha Hennessey had represented the New Hampshire's 5th State Senate District since 2016.
She won reelection against Republican Patrick Lozito.
Incumbent Republican State Senator James Gray had represented the New Hampshire's 6th State Senate District since 2016.
He won reelection against Democrat Anne Grassie.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Harold F. French had represented the New Hampshire's 7th State Senate District since 2016.
He won reelection against Democrat Mason Donovan.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Ruth Ward had represented the New Hampshire's 8th State Senate District since 2016.
She won reelection against Democrat Jenn Alford-Teaster.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Andy Sanborn had represented the New Hampshire's 9th State Senate District since 2010.
He did not run for reelection in 2018.
Instead, he ran unsuccessfully in the Republican primary for New Hampshire's 1st congressional district.
The open seat was won by Democrat Jeanne Dietsch against Republican Dan Hynes.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Jay Kahn had represented the New Hampshire's 10th State Senate District since 2016.
He won reelection against Republican Dan LeClair and Libertarian Ian Freeman.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Gary L. Daniels had represented the New Hampshire's 11th State Senate District since 2014.
He was defeated for reelection by Democrat Shannon Chandley.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Kevin Avard had represented the New Hampshire's 12th State Senate District since 2014.
He was defeated for reelection by Democrat Melanie Levesque.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Bette Lasky had represented the New Hampshire's 13th State Senate District since 2012.
She did not run for reelection in 2018.
The open seat was won by Democrat Cindy Rosenwald against Republican David Schoneman.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Sharon Carson had represented the New Hampshire's 14th State Senate District since 2008.
She won reelection against Democrat Tammy Siekmann.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Dan Feltes had represented the New Hampshire's 15th State Senate District since 2014.
He won reelection against Republican Pamela Ean.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Kevin Cavanaugh had represented the New Hampshire's 16th State Senate District since a 2017 special election.
He won reelection in a rematch against David Boutin.
Incumbent Republican State Senator John Reagan had represented the New Hampshire's 17th State Senate District since 2012.
He won reelection against Democrat Christoper Roundy.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Donna Soucy had represented the New Hampshire's 18th State Senate District since 2012.
She won reelection against Republican George Lambert.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Regina Birdsell had represented the New Hampshire's 19th State Senate District since 2014.
She won reelection against Democrat Kristina Durocher.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Lou D'Allesandro had represented the New Hampshire's 20th State Senate District since 1998.
D'Allesandro is the longest-serving member of the body.
He won reelection against Republican Carla Gericke.
Incumbent Democratic State Senator Martha Fuller Clark had represented the New Hampshire's 21st State Senate District since 2012.
She won reelection against Republican Peter Macdonald.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Chuck Morse had represented the New Hampshire's 22nd State Senate District since 2010.
He won reelection against Democrat Richard O'Shaughnessy and Libertarian Mitch Dyer.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Bill Gannon had represented the New Hampshire's 23rd State Senate District since 2014.
He was defeated for reelection by Democrat Jon Morgan.
Incumbent Republican State Senator Daniel Innis had represented the New Hampshire's 24th State Senate District since 2016.
He was defeated for reelection by Democrat Tom Sherman.
Váraszó
Váraszó is a village in Heves County, Hungary.
George Nathanael Anderson
George Nathanael Anderson (August 8, 1883 – October 8, 1958) was an American Lutheran pastor and missionary to Tanganyika.
Anderson studied at Bethany College in Lindsborg, Kansas and the Augustana Theological Seminary before being ordained by the Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church in 1912.
He held a succession of posts in the American Mid West before volunteering for missionary service.
Anderson was sent to the British colony of Tanganyika in 1924 to review the situation there.
As a former German colony the territory had hosted missions of the German Lutheran Church but these were expelled in 1917 during the First World War.
Anderson reported favourably and a formal Augustana Church mission was sent in 1926, with Anderson at its head.
Anderson oversaw the expansion of the church's role in the territory and in 1944 was appointed President and director of its General Administrative Committee, becoming responsible for the church's entire operation in Tanganyika.
He retired in 1956 and died in the United States two years later.
George Nathanael Anderson was born on August 8, 1883 in Morganville, Kansas.
He graduated from Bethany College in Lindsborg, Kansas in 1909.
He later graduated from the Augustana Theological Seminary; studied at the University of Minnesota and the Union Theological Seminary and was awarded a doctorate.
Anderson was ordained as a pastor in 1912 and found work preaching in the Midwestern United States with the Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church.
At one point he was at the First Lutheran Church in Saint Paul, Minnesota where he ministered to a congregation of over 1,500 people.
In 1919 he was amongst a group of people praying at a church meeting for a new bible school to train Lutheran missionaries.
Amongst the attendees was Annette Elmquist, who had attended a non-Lutheran bible school and was keen for the church to have its own.
Soon afterwards Elmquist and Anderson were married.
The Lutheran church had been active in missionary work in Tanganyika before the First World War, however the largely German missionaries were expelled by British forces in 1917.
The Augustana Church was asked to take over the abandoned missions by the German Lutheran Church and in Summer 1924 Anderson with his wife and three sons (LeRoy.
Paul and Marcus) visited the colony.
Anderson reported good potential in the area and a formal mission was dispatched by the church in 1926, with Anderson being appointed a missionary by the church's Board of Foreign Missions.
After some deliberation (he would have to leave behind his family, including daughter Dorothy who was then ill with tuberculosis) Anderson agreed and returned to Tanganyika on January 6, 1926 with fellow missionaries Herbert S Magney and Ludwig Melander.
Anderson initially spent his time teaching new pastors at the mission's seminary in Marangu but reported to the church that there was a good appetite for the Lutheran faith in Iramba and it was decided to establish a mission there.
Anderson was appointed head of the mission and led four American missionaries and one from Leipzig (who held Russian citizenship and so was permitted entry by the British authorities).
Anderson's speciality was in evangelism and the study of the Iramba language, into which he translated the New Testament and various hymns, liturgies and catechisms .
Anderson's wife and children joined him at Iramba from 1927 and remained with him until his retirement in 1956, though Annette would sometimes reside in the United States with some of the children to ensure their education.
One son, Marcus, died in Iramba of Malaria.
They had seven surviving children of which four sons became pastors, including one who was a missionary in Tanganyika.
One of Anderson's daughters married a missionary and served for her entire life at a mission in Iramba.
Anderson occasionally returned to the United States on leave and during these periods worked to generate support for the African missions.
During one such visit he helped to found the Lutheran Bible Institute.
From 1944 he was appointed president and director of the General Administrative Committee of the Augustana Lutheran Church (which until 1944 was known as the General Committee of Former German Missions).
In this role, which he held until 1952, he was responsible for liaising with the Tanganyikan government.
One key task was to negotiate with the colony's government over the ownership of land and property formerly held by the German Lutheran Church.
During Anderson's time in Africa the Lutheran missions expanded to encompass a number of churches and dispensaries, a hospital at Kiomboi and leper centres at Mkalama and Iambi.
He described the effect of listening to a congregation of 2,000 singing Luther's hymn "A Mighty Fortress Is Our God": "I never heard it sung with more spirit; the effect was almost overwhelming".
Anderson retired in 1956 and was invited to remain in Tanganyika by the local church but chose to return to the United States.
He died on October 8, 1958 in Minneapolis.
The Bromley Boys
The Bromley Boys is a 2018 British, coming-of-age, warm-hearted, humorous film.
Based on an eponymous autographical book by author Dave Roberts, the film is set in north Kent, in the suburbs of London, during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
The story is about the teenaged David "Dave" Roberts, who becomes a fan of his local football club, Bromley F.C., a club who at the time were, "the worst football team in Britain".
The film touches briefly on the euphoria caused by England winning the World Cup in 1966, but mainly recounts the events in the protagonist's life during the 1969/1970 season of the Bromley team.
In the late 1960s, a young British teenager, David (Dave) Roberts (Brenock O'Connor), is living in his parents' house in Sevenoaks.
He wishes to follow a major football (soccer) team, but because of his father's strong disapproval, he is forced into secretly following his local club, Bromley FC, who at that time were losing almost every game they played.
Nonetheless, David instantly becomes a devoted fan.
He attends, and carefully analyses every match, and keeps a scrapbook of every press mention they get, no matter how negative.
His favorite player is the team's star, center forward Alan "Stoney" Stonefield (Ross Anderson).
David meets and become close friends with three adult Bromley FC fans (TJ Herbert, Mark Dymond, Ewen MacIntosh) who encourage and support him.
Dave also meets, and rapidly falls in love with, Ruby McQueen (Savannah Baker), the pretty and bright teenage daughter of Charlie McQueen (Jamie Foreman), the tough scary Chairman of the football club.
Having sneaked into Charlie McQueen's office, and noticed some notes on player's files, Dave believes that McQueen has received large cash offers from both Manchester United and Leeds United to sell Stoney away from Bromley.
It seems to Dave that McQueen is planning to accept, in order to pay off his massive gambling debts, which have rendered the club bankrupt.
Dave happens to accidentally meet Stoney, who turns out to be very kind, and strikes up a friendship with him.
The news of the supposed offer to buy Stoney is leaked to the press.
The Chairman see this news on television, and now imagines he will be able to pay off all his gambling debts and come out ahead.
He announces the good news about Stoney at a party, and explains he can now afford to send his daughter to university to become a doctor, her dream.
But Dave suddenly understands that he misinterpreted what he read: the notes he saw were not about cash offers from leading football clubs, instead they were offers to Ruby from Manchester University and Leeds University.
There will be no money coming in.
In order to save Bromley, Dave browbeats the Chairman into selling his expensive sports car, and betting all of the cash on Bromley FC to win their final game of the season, at odds of 10 to 1 against.
Dave also demands that the Chairman allow him to manage the team for this one final game.
Despite Dave's attempts to suggest a new game plan, the first half of the game goes poorly, with Bromley scoring an own goal.
But then Dave accidentally finds out that his father was originally a brilliant athlete who played youth soccer for England before being crippled in an accident on the field.
Before the Bromley team goes out for the second half, Dave gives an impassioned speech, which Stoney endorses, and which causes the team to play better than anyone would have thought possible.
First a tie goal is scored, and then Stoney manages to score a very challenging goal on a free kick, and Bromley FC wins 2-1.
Dave is carried off the field in triumph, and joy all round.
Richard Cottrell (politician)
Richard J. Cottrell (born 11 July 1943) is an English politician and author who was a Member of the European Parliament for the British consituency of Bristol from 1979 until 1989.
Richard J. Cottrell was born on 11 July 1943 in Wellington, Somerset.
He was elected to the Parliament in 1979 for the Conservative Party, and started his service on 17 July 1979.
During his first term, he joined the Committee on Transport on 20 July of the same year and the Committee on Youth, Culture, Education, Information and Sport on 11 July 1980, serving on both until the Parliament adjourned on 23 July 1984.
He was re-elected in 1984, again for the Conservative Party, and served until 24 July 1989.
He served as a member of the committees for the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credencials and Immunities; the Rules of Procedure and Petitions; and the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protectionp; and also participated in diplomatic relations with Canada and the People's Republic of China.
He lost re-election in 1989 to Labour Party candidate Ian White.
Gyöngyöstarján
Gyöngyöstarján is a village in Heves County, Hungary.
Voces Unidas
Voces Unidas is a studio album recorded by several famous latin artists for the Olympic Games "Atlanta 1996", released on May 14, 1996 through EMI Latin.
The album was a success, reaching the fifth place in the "Billboard" Latin 50 chart.
In early 1996, Emilio Estefan and EMI Latin president José Behar planned to bring together the most important Spanish-speaking artists and create material for the upcoming Olympic Games, as a reaction to several English-speaking artists that were preparing their albums for the Olympic Games.
Estefan and Behar had a conversation about the project with Atlanta Olympic Games committee, among them marketing vice-president Lous Wayne Cunningham.
Behar said "Hispanics, in Latin America and Spain, have different cultures and customs, but there is something spiritual that unites us, and that is the language".
After the Olympic Games committee agreed, Estefan started the recording of the album, although they didn't do it in the same studio, each artist recorded his or her song separately.
Among the producers are included Marc Anthony, Emilio Estefan, Christian Walden and Oscar Mediavilla.
Also some of the locations of recording include Miami, New York City, Los Angeles and Rio de Janeiro.
Moreover, Emilio was chosen to produce "Reach", the official theme song of 1996 Summer Olympic Games, and it gained a huge exposure thanks to Gloria Estefan's performance of the song at the Olympics closing ceremony.
Emilio produced "Puedes Llegar", a Spanish version of Gloria Estefan's "Reach", which was recorded by several artists: Gloria Estefan, Jon Secada, Julio Iglesias, Placido Domingo, Roberto Carlos, Jose Luis Rodríguez, Patricia Sosa, Alejandro Fernández, Ricky Martin and Carlos Vives.
"Puedes Llegar" was released as a promotional single and reached the position 2 on "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart in June 1996.
Finally, "Puedes Llegar" was included as the opening track for EMI Latin's "Voces Unidas", the official Spanish-speaking album for 1996 Olympic Games.
Jon Secada's "Un Mundo Nuevo" was also released that same year as a promotional single.
Selena's "No Quiero Saber" was released as a single on June 20, 1996, reaching the six position in the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart.
Marc Anthony's "Así Como Hoy" was released as a single and reached the position 13 in the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks chart.
Rengat massacre
The Rengat massacre (, ) was committed by the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army on 5 January 1949 in Rengat, Riau during Operation "Kraai".
Following the capture of the town, paratroopers of the "Korps Speciale Troepen" under lieutenant Rudy de Mey subjected confirmed and suspected TNI militants, civil servants, and ordinary townspeople to looting, rape, and summary execution.
Bodies were disposed of in the Indragiri River.
Estimates of the death toll of the Rengat massacre have varied significantly between sources.
The Resident of Riau claimed that 400 people had been shot.
In turn, the Riau district prosecutor put the death toll at 120 total dead, further reducing the number of victims to "around 80" in his conclusion.
This amount has consistently appeared in Dutch official statements since at least 1969.
Indonesian sources, including a memorial site on location, estimate a death toll of between 1500 and 2000.
Other sources have claimed up to 2600 wounded and dead, including the father of famed author Chairil Anwar.
1985–86 Real Madrid CF season
The 1985–86 season is Real Madrid Club de Fútbol's 84th season in existence and the club's 55th consecutive season in the top flight of Spanish football.
After six years without winning La Liga Real Madrid Club de Fútbol finally won the title in the 1985–86 season.
Also the team won the UEFA Cup.
Following a change in the Chairman office (from Luis de Carlos to Ramón Mendoza) the Real Madrid, renewed and with new top players such as Hugo Sánchez and Antonio Maceda) under manager Luis Molowny, delivered a good season.
This was its 21st league title in history.
from Real Zaragoza
to Real Madrid Castilla
Maria Gambarelli
Maria Gambarelli (1900–1990) was an Italian-American ballerina and actress.
She was born in La Spezia, but raised in the United States.
Between 1938 and 1941 she was prima ballerina at the Metropolitan Opera.
2019 World Para Athletics Championships – Women's javelin throw
The women's javelin throw at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships was held in Dubai on 7, 10 and 11 November 2019.
Midwest United FC
Midwest United FC is an American soccer club based in Grand Rapids, Michigan who play in the Midwest Division of the United Women's Soccer league.
The team was founded in 2016 as the women's side to the Grand Rapids FC brand.
Their first season was in 2017.
In December 2019, Midwest United FC assumed ownership of the team and rebranded it under their name.
Grand Rapids FC (GRFC) was started in 2014 by a group of Grand Rapids residents as a community-funded project.
The men's teams first season was in 2015 in the newly formed Great Lakes Premier League before moving to the National Premier Soccer League.
After two successful seasons that showed average attendance figures over 4,000 each season, the owners announced on November 1, 2016 that they would be adding a women's team to the Grand Rapids FC brand.
Their first season was in 2017 in the United Women's Soccer league.
The Grand Rapids FC women won the 2017 UWS Championship in their inaugural season on July 22, 2017 at their home stadium, defeating the defending champions Santa Clarita Blue Heat 3 goals to 1.
In December 2019, the Grand Rapids FC brand underwent restructuring.
The ownership model was changed and the men's team changed leagues.
During this time, the ownership of the women's side was transferred to Midwest United FC and their name was changed to reflect this change.
Grandville High School in Grandville, Michigan
United Women's Soccer
Pratap Manikya II
Pratap Manikya II (d. 1487) was a Maharaja of Tripura during the late 15th century.
Though Pratap Manikya is stated in the "Rajmala" to be a son of Dharma Manikya I, later scholarship proved this to be chronologically improbable.
It is instead believed that he was Dharma's grandson, with his father being Ratna Manikya I.
There were also uncertainties regarding the years of Pratap's rule.
A coin supposedly minted during his reign bears the year Saka 1412 (1490 CE), though the modern-style script has led to doubts regarding its authenticity.
It is notable that Pratap's immediate successors struck coins in 1488 and 1489 respectively.
A younger son of his father, Pratap's rule had been propped up by the support of prominent army generals in opposition to his elder brother Dhanya, against whom he waged a civil war.
According to the "Rajmala", because of his impiety, Pratap soon lost the support of these nobles, who launched a conspiracy against him.
The chronicle continues that due to his formidable physical strength and stoutness, Pratap had to be killed at night while he slept.
He was succeeded in quick succession by the minor Vijaya Manikya (who may have been his son) and Pratap's younger brother Mukut, before the throne finally settled on Dhanya, whose long reign lasted until 1515.
María Peraza
María Alejandra Peraza Romero (born 17 January 1994) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as a centre back for Colombian club Millonarios FC.
She has been a member of the Venezuela women's national team.
Peraza represented Venezuela at the 2014 South American U-20 Women's Championship.
At senior level, she played the 2014 Copa América Femenina.
Peter Dix
Peter Thomas Stanley Dix (6 May 1953 - 21 December 1988) was an Irish Olympic sailor who competed in the 470 in 1976.
Dix was born in Dublin and was an alumnus of St Columba's College, Dublin and Trinity College Dublin.
His cousin was Olympic sailor Robert Dix, with whom he competed.
A member of the 5th Royal Inniskilling Dragoon Guards, he was killed when Pan Am Flight 103, where he was en route to New York City as a management consultant, exploded over Lockerbie.
Nostradamus (1925 film)
Nostradamus is a 1925 Italian silent historical film directed by Mario Roncoroni and starring Cello Bucchi in the title role of Nostradamus.
It was one of the final film's released by the Unione Cinematografica Italiana which went bankrupt around this time.
Mario Roncoroni
Mario Roncoroni was an Italian film actor and director active during the silent era.
During the late 1920s he worked in the Spanish film industry.
Zingoni
Zingoni is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Ellen Tejle
Ellen Tejle (born April 9, 1984 in Sollefteå, Sweden) is a campaigner for awareness of women's representation in film.
She has been included in the BBC's list of 100 inspiring and influential women from around the world for 2018.
Ellen Tejle has started Bio Rio (2008–2016) and Bistro Barbro in Stockholm.
Since 2017 she has been the CEO of the media house Fanzingo.
She additionally founded 'A-RATE<nowiki>"</nowiki>, a campaign to further gender equality in the film industry, present in ten countries globally.
They designed the logo for the Bechdel Wallace test, which identified films with two named women having a conversation about something other than a man.
If it passes that test it is A-rated.
She was of the 97 people included in the film "This Changes Everything" (2018)
Valencian Rose
Valencian Rose (Spanish: Rosa de Levante) is a 1926 Spanish silent film directed by Mario Roncoroni and starring Carmen Viance.
Sheep Without a Shepherd
Sheep Without a Shepherd () is a 2019 Chinese thriller film directed by Sam Quah.
It is a remake of the 2013 Indian Malayalam-language film "Drishyam".
The film stars Xiao Yang, Tan Zhuo, and Joan Chen in the lead roles.
"Sheep Without a Shepherd" was released in China on 13 December 2019 in conventional and IMAX formats.
It is currently the 10th highest-grossing film in China in 2019.
Li Weijie, his wife Ayu and their two daughters Pingping and An-an, are a Chinese family living in northern Thailand since last 17 years.
Weijie run an internet service providing shop and is a film enthusiast who likes to watch detective films and has deep knowledge on the subject.
Their's is a middle-class family.
In September 2017, it was announced that an undisclosed Chinese production company bought the remake rights of the Indian Malayalam-language film "Drishyam" (2013).
Chen Sicheng was the executive producer of and the film was his debut production.
"Sheep Without a Shepherd" was released in China on 13 December 2019.
It was also released in IMAX format.
"Sheep Without a Shepherd" took the top spot at Mainland China box office, becoming the highest-grossing film in its opening weekend.
In that weekend, 13 – 15 December, it grossed $32,152,680 in China, besting "Skyfire".
The film continued the lead in Chinese box office into its second week, till 20 December.
In its second weekend in China, the film earned $23,204,410, beating "" which debuted that weekend and ranked second behind "".
The film's cumulative gross in China stood at $76,813,388 till 22 December.
In the same weekend, in terms of worldwide box office ranking, it came fifth behind "Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker", "", "Ip Man 4: The Finale", and "Frozen 2", with $77,439,509.
In three weeks, the film grossed $111,225,633 and $135,589,251 in four weeks.
By 13 January 2020, the film earned $154.24 million from box office sales in China alone.
As of 22 January, it has grossed 173 million from China.
It is currently the 10th highest-grossing film in China in 2019.
It was nominated at The 6th Douban Film Annual Awards in the category Top Rated Chinese Movie.
The Ship (1921 film)
The Ship (Italian: La nave) is a 1921 Italian silent historical drama film directed by Gabriellino D'Annunzio and Mario Roncoroni and starring Ida Rubinstein, Alfredo Boccolini and Ciro Galvani.
It is an adaptation of the play "Il Nave" by Gabriele D'Annunzio, father of the film's director.
Henry N. Walker
Henry Nelson Walker (November 30, 1811February 24, 1886) was a Michigan politician.
Walker was born on November 30, 1811 in Fredonia, New York to parents John and Nancy Walker.
Walker moved to Detroit, Michigan in 1835.
In Fredonia, New York, Walker graduated from an academy, and then started to practice law.
On November 6, 1843, Walker was elected as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from the Wayne County district.
He served in this position in 1844.
Walker served as Michigan Attorney General from 1845 to 1847.
Walker served as the postmaster of Detroit from 1859 to 1860.
Walker was married to Emily Virginia Norvell, daughter of United States Senator John Norvell.
Together, they had three children.
Walker was Episcopalian.
Walker died on February 24, 1886 in Detroit.
He was interred at Elmwood Cemetery.
Nozimakhon Kayumova
Nozimakhon Kayumova (born 17 August 1992) is a visually impaired Uzbekistani Paralympic athlete and she competes in F13-classification javelin throw events.
She represented Uzbekistan at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the gold medal in the women's javelin throw F13 event with throw of 44.58m.
At the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships she won the silver medal in the women's javelin throw F13 event.
She qualified to represent Uzbekistan at the 2020 Summer Paralympics after winning the bronze medal in the women's javelin throw F13 event at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
Iris Kensmil
Iris Kensmil (born 1970, Amsterdam) is a Dutch artist of Surinamese descent.
In 1996 she obtained her degree from the Academie Minerva in Groningen.
In 2017 Kensmil participated in the exhibition "Zwart en Revolutionair" (Black and Revolutionary) at the Black Archives in Amsterdam.
Her work was included in the 2019 Venice Biennale.
Yes we are
"Yes we are" is the 23rd single by Sandaime J Soul Brothers.
It was released on March 13, 2019.
"Yes we are" was the first single released by Sandaime J Soul Brothers in 2019.
The single marked the first release by the group after a year and four months since their last release "J.S.B Happiness".
The single peaked at number two on the Oricon Weekly Charts with 93,660 points.
By the end of the year the single had scored a total of 226,173 points.
The EP's 1st track "Raise The Flag" was used as the official theme of the group's eponymous tour "Raise The Flag".
Ace of Diamond (season 1)
"Ace of Diamond" is an anime series based on the manga by Yuji Terajima serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Magazine".
The TV series was produced by Madhouse and Production I.G and began airing on October 6, 2013, on TX Network stations and later on AT-X.
The episodes were simulcast in the US, Canada, UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Central and South America, Spain, Brazil, and Portugal by Crunchyroll with English and German subtitles.
The series was initially planned to be 52 episodes but was extended and ended in March 2015.
Eight pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: three opening and five ending themes.
From episodes 1–25 the opening theme is "Go EXCEED!!"
by Tom-H@ck featuring Masayoshi Ōishi while the ending themes are "Seek Diamonds" by Yōko Hikasa and "Glory!"
(グローリー！) by Suzuko Mimori.
From episodes 26–51 the opening theme is "Perfect HERO" by Tom-H@ck featuring Masayoshi Ōishi while the ending themes are "Mirai e Tsunage" (未来へつなげ) by DŌP and "CLOUD NINE" by Ryōta Ōsaka, Nobunaga Shimazaki, & Natsuki Hanae.
From episodes 52–75 the opening theme is "Hashire!
Mirai" (疾走れ！ミライ; Run Ahead Toward the Future!)
by GLAY while the ending theme is "PROMISED FIELD" by Ryōta Ōsaka, Nobunaga Shimazaki, & Natsuki Hanae.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Ace of Diamond (season 2)
"Ace of Diamond" is an anime series based on the manga by Yuji Terajima serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Magazine".
The second season started airing soon after on April 6, 2015 on TX Network stations and later on AT-X.
Like its predecessor the episodes were simulcast in the aforementioned countries by Crunchyroll with English and German subtitles.
Six pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: two opening and four ending themes.
From episodes 76–88 the opening theme is "HEROES" by GLAY while the ending themes are "KIMERO!!"
by OxT and "BLUE WINDING ROAD" by Ryōta Ōsaka, Nobunaga Shimazaki, Natsuki Hanae, Shouta Aoi, & Yoshitsugu Matsuoka.
From episodes 89–126 the opening theme is by GLAY while the ending themes are "BLOOM OF YOUTH" by OxT and "BRAND NEW BLUE" by Ryōta Ōsaka featuring Masayoshi Ōishi of OxT.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Ace of Diamond (season 3)
"Ace of Diamond" is an anime series based on the manga by Yuji Terajima serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Magazine".
An anime adaptation of "Ace of Diamond Act II" has been announced, and it premiered on April 2, 2019.
The series is listed for 52 episodes.
Six pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: two opening and four ending themes.
From episodes 127–155, the opening theme is "Hajimari no Uta (はじまりのうた)" by GLAY while the ending themes are "Golden After School (ゴールデンアフタースクール)" by OxT and "Kodō Escalation (鼓動エスカレーション)" by Maaya Uchida.
From episode 156 onwards, the second opening theme is "Ryūsei no Howl (流星のHOWL)" by GLAY while the ending themes are "Chance!
(チャンス！)" by Suzuko Mimori and "Everlasting Dream" by OxT.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Mary Cleo Tarlarini
Mary Cleo Tarlarini (1878–1954) was an Italian stage and film actress.
1934 Australian Championships – Men's Doubles
The first seeds Pat Hughes and Fred Perry defeated Adrian Quist and Don Turnbull 6–8, 6–3, 6–4, 3–6, 6–3 in the final, to win the Men's Doubles tennis title at the 1934 Australian Championships.
Twenty five teams have entered for the event in which number of pairs was limited to sixteen.
Twelve pairs were placed in the main draw and thirteen had to play in the preliminary rounds.
Four semifinalists qualified into the first round of the competition proper.
Source for seedings
Brunilda Ruiz
Brunilda Ruiz ( – ) was an American ballet dancer, teacher, and choreographer.
She toured internationally as a founding member of the Joffrey Ballet and Harkness Ballet companies.
Ruiz was born in Rincón, Puerto Rico and raised in Spanish Harlem in New York City.
She attended the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music and Art and Performing Arts, where Robert Joffrey taught her ballet.
In 1956, Joffrey chose Ruiz to be one of the six original Joffrey Ballet members.
Ruiz was the youngest of the group, which also included Gerald Arpino, Glen Tetley, Beatrice Tompkins, Dianne Consoer, and John Wilson (to whom Ruiz was married from 1956 to 1967).
With the Joffrey Ballet, Ruiz toured the country, performing one-night-only shows and introducing ballet as an art form to audiences across the United States.
When Rebekah Harkness, patron of the Joffrey Ballet, disputed with Joffrey in the 1960s, the company split; Ruiz joined the newly formed Harkness Ballet.
She returned briefly to the Joffrey Balleytin 1968.
As a performer, Ruiz toured internationally, dancing in Europe, the Soviet Union, Middle East, and India.
After retiring from performance in 1971, Ruiz taught and choreographed as associate director of the Baron Ballet in Waldwick, New Jersey, from 1976 to 1983.
She served as ballet mistress with the Milwaukee Ballet from 1983 to 1986, and taught at LaGuardia, her alma mater, from 1986 until her retirement in 2001.
She also taught at the Joffrey Ballet School-American Ballet Center in New York.
Ruiz married Joffrey principal dancer Paul Sutherland in 1968.
She had two daughters, Mhari Wilson and Alicia Sutherland.
In 1995, Ruiz earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the State University of New York Empire State College.
Ruiz died in her home in Waldwick, New Jersey, on August 13, 2019, at the age of 83.
Cellio Bucchi
Cellio Bucchi was an Italian film actor.
He was active during the silent era, where he sometimes appeared in leading roles.
Later he was a supporting actor in sound films of the 1930s and 1940s.
Mahmoud Shafiei
Mahmoud Shafiei (; born 7 August 1991) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Iranian club Pars Jonoubi in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
He made his debut for Pars Jonoubi in 1st fixtures of 2019–20 Iran Pro League against Persepolis.
Flora Ugwunwa
Flora Ugwunwa (born 26 June 1984) is a Nigerian Paralympic athlete competing in F54-classification events.
She represented Nigeria at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the gold medal in the women's javelin throw F54 event.
She also set a new world record of 20.25m at this event.
She qualified to represent Nigeria at the 2020 Summer Paralympics after winning the silver medal in the women's javelin throw F54 event at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Nathlie Provosty
Nathlie Provosty (born 1981 in Cincinnati, Ohio - ), is an American visual artist in Brooklyn, New York.
She earned her bachelor's degree in Fine Arts at University of Maryland Institute College of Art in 2004.
The year after graduation from college, Provosty received a Fulbright Fellowship in painting, and spent a year in India.
In 2007, She earned her Master's degree in Fine Arts at University of Pennsylvania.
In 2013, Provosty created an artwork for an album named Aheym by the musician Bryce Dessner.
In 2014, she collaborated with the poet Robert Kelly and create a group of paintings for Kelly's book "The Color Mill".
Provosty was the recipient of the Rosenthal Family Foundation Award for Painting in 2012.
In 2012, Provosty had her first one-person exhibition at "1:1", an experimental artist-run gallery in New York.
Her first exhibition in a commercial gallery was held at Nathalie Karg Gallery in New York in 2016.
Provosty is well-known for her oil painting on linen.
By using monochromatic shades of color, she often creates schemes that appear aesthetically simple but contain depths of field.
She often applies colors in glossy and matte finishes of paint to highlight this effect, which helps to draw viewers into and across the works’ layers.
Provosty also utilizes various media in her works.
In the 20016 exhibition at Nathalie Karg Gallery in New York, Provosty created an expanded multi-sensory experience by manipulating colors at the far reach of the spectrum and the surfaces that vibrate and disappear.
Provosty's paintings have been exhibited all over the world, and her works are included in the collections of the Baltimore Museum of Art, Colby Museum of Art, the Farnsworth Museum, and the Portland Museum of Art.
Harlem (film)
Harlem is a 1943 Italian sports crime film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Massimo Girotti, Amedeo Nazzari and Vivi Gioi.
It was shot at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Guido Fiorini.
The former world heavyweight champion Primo Carnera appears in a small role.
It is also known by the alternative title of Knock Out.
It is noted for its anti-Americanism at a time when the two countries were at war, although this was considerably milder than the more violently anti-German and anti-Japanese made by Hollywood in the era.
In postwar re-releases, Amedeo's final line was redubbed with a more positive view on life in the United States.
Tommaso Rossi, a young Italian goes to America to visit his elder brother Amedeo who has a business in the construction industry.
He is discovered as a talented boxer after getting into a fight with a champion in a restaurant and flooring him.
However his elder brother's business is wrecked and he is arrested for a crime he did not commit.
Forced to fight in order to raise enough money to bail his brother, Tommaso is then told by a dying Amedeo to return to Italy as the American dream holds nothing for Italian American immigrants.
Shafique Uddin
Shafique Uddin (1962) is an English outsider artist known for his paintings.
Uddin was born in Borobari, Bangladesh and moved to the United Kingdom in 1976.
Uffiq's first exhibition, at the age of seventeen, was at London's Whitechapel Gallery.
He was a part of the 2005 Outsider Art exhibition held by the Tate Museum, London.
In 2016 he was a part of the Whitechapel Gallery exhibition "Inner Worlds Outside".
His work is included in the Arts Council Collection of Southbank Centre, London, the Bradford Museums and Galleries, the New Art Gallery Walsall, the Irish Museum of Modern Art's Outsider Art Collection and the Anthony Petullo Collection of Self-taught & Outsider Art at the Milwaukee Art Museum.
Comet (1791 ship)
Comet was launched in 1791 at Rotherhithe.
At the outbreak of war with France, she briefly became a privateer before the British East India Company (EIC) chartered her for one voyage to bring back sugar, saltpeter, and other goods from Bengal.
Between 1812 and 1821 she made three voyages as a whaler in the British Southern Whale Fishery.
Then between 1823 and 1840 she became a whaler based in Hull, whaling in the British Northern Whale Fishery.
She returned to trade in 1841 and was lost on 1 December 1843 homeward bound from Quebec.
"Comet" first appeared in "Lloyd's Register" ("LR") in 1791 with S.Baker, master, B.Daubuz, owner, and trade London–Leghorn.
Captain Sampson Baker acquired a letter of marque on 11 April 1793.
The size of her crew suggests that the intent was to cruize as a privateer.
Not long after, the EIC chartered "Comet" and had Young measure her in 1794.
"Lloyd's Register" for 1794 showed her trade changing from London–Straits [of Gibraltar] to London–Bengal.
EIC voyage (1794–1795): Baker sailed from Gravesend on 17 June 1794, bound for Bengal and Madras.
"Comet" arrived at Calcutta on 15 November.
Homeward bound she was at Kedgeree on 29 January 1795 and Saugor on 18 February.
She was at Madras on 4 March and reached Saint Helena on 24 May.
She stopped at the River Shannon on 13 September, and arrived back at Deptford on 18 October.
After her return, "Comet" became a West Indiaman, with Captain Anthony Hooper acquiring a letter of marque on 6 September 1797.
On 6 March 1798 "Lloyd's List" ("LL") reported that the French privateer "Garonne" had captured "Comet", Hooper, master, as "Comet" was sailing from Martinique to London.
"Garonne" also captured "Alert", Bligh, master, which was sailing from St Ubes to Limerick.
"Garonne" put Hooper and Bligh aboard "Minerva", Gardner, master, which carried them into Falmouth.
On 30 Marc "Lloyd's List" reported that "Comet" had been carried into Rochefort.
"Comet" returned to British ownership by means that are currently unclear.
A "Comet", Peterson, master, arrived at Gravesend on 20 August 1800.
She may have returned as a cartel.
Then "Comet", Murcheson, master, sailed from Gravesend for Demerara on 17 November.
"LL" reported on 18 December 1801 that "Comet", Murcheson, master, and "Themis", Douglas, master, had run into each other near Portsmouth.
"Comet" was sailing from London to Demerara, and "Themis" was sailing from London to Grenada.
"Comet" lost her mizzenmast and had her quarters stove in.
1st whaling voyage (1812–1815): Captain Abel Scurr sailed from Hull on 3 September 1812, bound for Peru and the Galapagos.
By one report, "Comet" had two captains Scurr was the "fighting captain" and Duke (or Dunn), was the "whaling captain".
"Comet" arrived off the coast of Chile only to undergo detention between January 1813 and March 1814.
The detention came at the hand of the Patriots, the independence fighter opposing the Spanish loyalists.
"Comet" then whaling at the Galapagos Islands and elsewhere in the region.
Captain Scurr died on 17 June 1815; "Comet" arrived at Callao the next day.
"Comet" sailed for home on 15 July, sailing via Cape Horn and Saint Helena.
"Comet", Duke, master, returned to England on 4 December 1815 with 350 casks of oil plus fins from 38 whales plus oil from 873 Galapagos turtles, in all 115 tons of oil.
Her cargo was worth about £7,000.
Before sailing on her second whaling voyage, "Comet", Captain Sugden, sailed to the West Indies.
"Lloyd's List" reported on 11 March 1817 that "Comet", Sugden, master, had arrived at Dominica from Hull.
She arrived back at Gravesend on 25 May.
"Comet", Sugden, master, also sailed to Russia.
On 30 August 1817 she was at Petersburg.
She returned to Gravesend on 26 October .
2nd whaling voyage (1818–1819): "Comet" was reported to be at Portsmouth on 26 March 1818, bound for the South Seas.
By another account, "Comet", Phipps, master, sailed from England on 3 April 1818.
He returned on 11 June 1819 with 350 casks plus fins, or 175 tons train oil.
3rd whaling voyage (1819–1821): Captain Stewart (or Steward) sailed from Deal for the South Seas on 3 November 1819, having come from Hull.
On 6 December 1819 she was at .
"Comet" returned to England on 13 November 1821 with 250 casks (117 tuns) of whale oil, plus fins.
On her return from the South Seas, "Commerce" made a voyage to Russia, and then became a whaler in the Northern Whale Fishery
For 18 years between 1823 and 1840 "Comet" made one voyage a year to the Northern Whale Fishery.
The following data is from Coltish:
After several disappointing years as a whaler, her owners shifted her employment to mercantile trade.
"Comet" ran aground on 1 December 1843 on the Haisborough Sands, in the North Sea off the coast of Norfolk and was abandoned by her crew.
She was on a voyage from Quebec City to Hull.
"Comet" was refloated the next day and beached at Great Yarmouth, Norfolk.
The data for "Commerce" in "Lloyd's Register" for 1843 is unchanged from 1842, with the exception of the annotation "LOST".
Notes
Citations
References
Yuhua Shouzhi Wang
Yuhua Shouzhi Wang (born 1966), is a contemporary Chinese American artist.
In 2000, she worked as a professor in the College of Liberal Arts at Auburn University.
Currently, she is the Lifetime Chairwoman of the International Art Museum of America.
Dr. Yuhua Shouzhi Wang was recognized as an international first-class artist by New York Academy of Art.
In 2013, President George Christophides of the World Federation of UNESCO Clubs, Centers, and Associations (WFUCA) conferred the title "2013 WFUCA" to Dr. Wang's artworks.
In 2019, Dr. Wang was recognized as an international first-class artist by New York Academy of Art in the United States.
On March 18, 2019, Dr. Wang's artwork "Pomegranates in Bamboo Basket" of size 27" x 18" commanded $1.27 million in Gianguan Auctions.
Dr. Wang's painting style combines elements from Eastern and Western art.
Professor Stephen Farthing, a member of the Royal Academy of Arts in the U.K. has remarked that "Dr. Wang’s paintings may draw heavily on the traditions of Eastern art, but they present themselves as extraordinarily Western ideas and images", and that Dr. Wang’s mastery is of exquisite magnificence and her paintings "reach across cultures to celebrate the space that exists intellectually and emotionally between representation and abstraction, between a fact and an idea."
Yahya Jabrane
Yahya Jabrane (born 2 July 1994) is a Moroccan footballer currently playing for Wydad Casablanca as a Midfielder.
Matin Karimzadeh
Matin Karimzadeh (; born 1 July 1998) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a Defender for Iranian club Pars Jonoubi in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
He made his debut for Pars Jonoubi in 24th fixtures of 2018–19 Iran Pro League against Esteghlal Khuzestan F.C.
and scores his first goal in first match at Iran Pro League.
Marie-Louise Ayres
Marie-Louise Ayres is a librarian whose work has centered on providing digital access to cultural resources throughout Australia.
Since 2017 she has been the Director-General of the National Library of Australia.
Marie-Louise Ayres was born in 1963 in Perth, Western Australia, and moved with her family to Canberra in 1967.
She attended St Clare's College and Stirling College.
Ayres earned her bachelor degree from the University of New England.
She received a doctorate in 1994 from the Australian National University, writing her thesis on Australian women poets Dorothy Auchterlonie, Rosemary Dobson, Dorothy Hewett, and J.S.
Harry.
In 1994 she became the curator of the Australian Defence Force Academy's collection of Australian literary manuscripts.
Ayres worked there for eight years; her time there included the development of , a clearinghouse for information about Australia's literary and print-culture history.
Ayres began working at the National Library of Australia in 2002 as a project manager for Music Australia, a discovery service for access to music resources.
She became curator of the library's manuscript division in 2006 and became head of the resource sharing division in 2011.
Her position as the Assistant Director-General included managing Trove, a search engine which aggregates resources from cultural institutions across Australia.
In March 2017 Ayres succeeded Anne-Marie Schwirtlich as Director-General of the National Library of Australia, being appointed for a five-year term.
Upon her appointment the Arts Minister praised her work in leading the development of transformative digital services in Australia.
Her work continues to focus on providing access to the cultural history of Australia and addressing the challenges of preserving born-digital content.
Lina El Arabi
Lina El Arabi is a French actress of Moroccan heritage.
At age 6, El Arabi began doing violin at a conservatory, and at 10 she began participating in theatre productions.
Zhao Yuping
Zhao Yuping is a visually impaired Chinese Paralympic athlete competing in F12/F13-classification events.
She represented China at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she finished in 4th place in the women's javelin throw F13 event.
At the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships she won the gold medal in the women's javelin throw F13 event and she set a new world record of 46.00m.
As a result she qualified to represent China at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Trayvon Henderson
Trayvon Henderson (born August 15, 1995) is an American football safety for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL).
He played college football at Hawaii.
Henderson signed with the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent on May 11, 2018.
He was placed on injured reserve on September 1, 2018.
On August 31, 2019, Henderson was waived by the Bengals and was signed to the practice squad the next day.
He was promoted to the active roster on December 7, 2019.
Ursula Schultze-Bluhm
Ursula Schultze-Bluhm (17 November 1921 – 9 April 1999), also known as Ursula, was a German painter.
In 1979 she was part of the Sydney Biennial.
Her work is included in the collections of the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco, the Museum Ludwig, Cologne and the Museum Fur Moderne Kunst in Frankfurt, Germany.
Schultze-Bluhm died in Koln in 1999.
She married Bernard Schultze in 1955.
800 Heroes (film)
800 Heroes () is a 1938 Chinese historical war drama film directed by and written by .
The film stars Yuan Muzhi, Chen Bo'er, Hong Hong, and Zhang Shufan.
The film is about the Defense of Sihang Warehouse in 1937 Shanghai.
The film was released on April 2, 1938, in China.
On August 13, 1937, the Imperial Japanese Army invades Shanghai, Xie Jinyuan, the Lieutenant Colonel of the 524th Regiment of the 88th Division of the National Revolutionary Army, leads more than 400 young officers to guard the Sihang Warehouse.
"800 Heroes" was released on April 2, 1938, in China.
Guinea Pig: Devil's Experiment
The film is presented under the guise of being a video sent to director Satoru Ogura, with the explanation that it depicts "an experiment on the breaking point of bearable pain and the corrosion of people's senses".
In the film, three men abduct a woman and torture her before eventually killing her.
Their methods of torture include hitting and kicking her, pinching her with pliers, forcing her to endure sound torture, burning her with scalding oil, dumping maggots on her, and poking a needle through one of her eyes.
Writing about the presentation of "Devil's Experiment" as being a genuine snuff film, J. Doyle Wallis of DVD Talk wrote that "it didn't strike me as the slightest bit true", but noted that, "despite spotting the stumbles that betray its reality, it is quite disturbing".
He called it "hard to watch" and "bold but also utterly deplorable", and asserted that its "perversity is there merely to exploit a part of the human psyche that is totally without merit."
In his book "Eros in Hell: Sex, Blood and Madness in Japanese Cinema", Jack Hunter wrote that the filming and editing techniques implemented in the film lend to it being "an effective and surprisingly low-key meditation on the cumulative dehumanization that violence causes in both aggressor and victim alike."
In "Nightmare Japan: Contemporary Japanese Horror Cinema", author Jay McRoy similarly notes such techniques, writing that while the film "[blurs] audience distinctions between fact and fiction, thus heightening the visceral impact generated by the 'experiment's' verisimilitude", its "technical sophistication and artistry" exposes its fictional nature.
Cristina Gallego
Cristina Gallego is a Colombian producer, writer and director.
Gallego began her career in 2004 producing "Wandering Shadows", a film by her then husband Ciro Guerra.
In 2009 while producing another Guerra film "The Wind Journeys" the pair befriended members of the Wayuu community.
They spent the following ten years researching material for their film "Birds of Passage" which follows a Wayuu family as they abandon traditions and fall into the drug trade.
Gallego made her directorial debut with the film which she codirected with Guerra.
The film premiered in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival.
It was selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 91st Academy Awards, making the December shortlist.
In 2019 she announced she would team up with Guerra again to co-direct the miniseries "Cortes".
Gallego was formerly married to writer-director Ciro Guerra.
They have two children.
The couple divorced during the filming of "Birds of Passage" which they co-directed.
Her brother is cinematographer David Gallego.
Eputhou Thangjing
Eputhou Thangjing is the ancient national deity of erstwhile ancient kingdom of Moirang.
According to common legend, he is the ancestor of the people of Moirang.
He is one of the eight directional gods in Kanglei mythology and Sanamahism.
He is the God who is responsible for the nine incarnations of Moirang Shayon in ancient kingdom of Moirang.
Nile (1800 ship)
Nile was built in Spain in 1786 and was taken in prize.
She first appears in readily accessible British records in 1800.
She made three voyages as a slave ship, foundering on her third after having disembarked her slaves.
Captain John Givin received a letter of marque on 18 February 1800.
Captain Gwin sailed from Liverpool on 5 March 1800, bound for West Africa.
"Nile" arrived at Kingston on 20 September where she landed 300 slaves.
She sailed from Kingston on 29 November and arrived back at Liverpool on 1 January 1801. she had left with 45 crew members and she suffered five crew deaths on her voyage.
"Nile" first appeared in "Lloyd's Register" ("LR") in 1801 with John Gwinn, master, Fairclough, owner, and trade Liverpool–Africa.
She had damages repaired in 1801.
Captain Gwin sailed from Liverpool on 5 July 1801, bound for West Africa.
"Nile" arrived at Kingston on 2 February 1802 where she landed 291 slaves.
She left on 2 May and arrived back at Liverpool on 2 July.
She had left with 44 crew members and she suffered four crew deaths on the voyage.
Captain John Griffiths acquired a letter of marque on 2 July 1803.
He sailed from Liverpool on 7 April 1803, and arrived at St Thomas on 14 December 1803.
The she landed 293 slaves.
"Nile", Griffiths, master, was sold at St Thomas.
"Lloyd's List" ("LL") reported on 4 May 1804 that "Nile", Griffiths, master, had foundered off Saint Thomas while on a voyage from that island to Liverpool.
Nile (ship)
Several vessels have been named Nile ether for the Battle of the Nile, or for the Nile river:
List of presidential trips made by Donald Trump (2020)
This is a list of presidential trips made by Donald Trump during 2020, the fourth year of his presidency as the 45th president of the United States.
He has been a candidate for re-election since June 2019, and the presidential primaries begin in February.
This list excludes trips made within Washington, D.C., the U.S. federal capital in which the White House, the official residence and principal workplace of the president, is located.
Also excluded are trips to Camp David, the country residence of the president.
International trips are included.
The number of visits per state or territory where he traveled are:
2019 Diamond Head Classic
The 2019 Diamond Head Classic was a mid-season eight-team college basketball tournament that was played on December 22, 23, and 25 at the Stan Sheriff Center in Honolulu, Hawaii.
It was the eleventh annual Diamond Head Classic tournament, and was part of the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
1991 in Australian literature
This article presents a list of the historical events and publications of Australian literature during 1991.
A list, ordered by date of death (and, if the date is either unspecified or repeated, ordered alphabetically by surname) of deaths in 1991 of Australian literary figures, authors of written works or literature-related individuals follows, including year of birth.
Mashin Sentai Kiramager
The show will premiere on March 8, 2020, joining "Kamen Rider Zero-One" in the "Super Hero Time" line-up on TV Asahi affiliate stations.
A princess named Mabushiina from the planet Crystalia, the Land of Jewels, seeks refuge on Earth with the Kirama Stones to find individuals with strong "shining spirits", otherwise known as , to become the Kiramagers and fight off the threat of the Yodonheim, an imperial army of darkness that conquered her homeworld and seek to assassinate her to ensure her kind's extinction.
The Kiramagers fight using the , each with a will of its own that chooses the Kiramagers as worthy users and are capable of transforming into giant vehicles called .
Each Kiramager carries a , a bracelet-like device which they use to transform, along with a handgun and a , as sidearms; which can be combined into a gun.
is the Kiramagers' giant robot formed when their five Mashin combine together via .
CARAT is a famous jewelry company in Japan.
Founded in the early 2010s, CARAT has become involved in financing buildings, vehicles, and more.
CARAT also serves as the Kiramagers' base and as well as shelter for Mabushiina while she's being hunted.
The is a beautiful planet made up of gemstones.
Prior to the beginning of the series, the planet was invaded by the Yodonheim Empire, though its sole surviving heir was able to escape.
The is an empire under the command of a mysterious leader that conquered Crystalia with their invasion force before setting their sights on Earth.
Their main objective is to destroy everything that is beautiful in the universe.
"Mashin Sentai Kiramager" was trademarked on September and officially announced on Christmas day, 2019.
The main cast was officially revealed in January 16, 2020.
A month before the premier of the television series, will be released as a prequel movie in Japanese theaters on February 8, 2020 as part of .
The movie will be double billed with "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger VS Lupinranger VS Patranger the Movie", which featured a crossover between "Ryusoulger" and "Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger".
The plot of the film will mainly focus on Mabushiina's exodus to Earth and scouting people with Kiramental who can help her fend off the Yodonheim assassins sent after her.
W. H. Baugh House
The W. H. Baugh House, in Lincoln County, Idaho near Shoshone, Idaho, was built in 1910 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It is a lava rock stone house built by "a competent stone mason", but the house's "boxed wooden lintels suggest that he was unfamiliar with the use of concrete."
It was the country house of Shoshone dentist Dr. W. H. Baugh.
It is located near the Little Wood River about east of Shoshone .
中西區
中西區 may refer to:
New Synagogue (Darmstadt)
The Neue Synagoge ("New Synagogue") is the synagogue, community centre, and museum of the Jewish community () in Darmstadt.
Constructed in 1988 for the 50th anniversary of Kristallnacht, the complex was designed to fulfil the needs of the city's Jewish population, who had been without a place of worship since the 1938 pogrom when Darmstadt's three synagogues were destroyed.
Built according to plans by Alfred Jacoby, with stained glass and a Torah ark by British architectural artist Brian Clarke, the complex, also known as the Holocaust Memorial Synagogue, is located on the site of the city's former Gestapo headquarters.
The first "newly constructed synagogue in the postwar period to recall the traditional form of a central, domed building", the design marked the start of Jacoby's development of a distinct modern Jewish religious architectural vernacular.
Badminton at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games
Badminton at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games was held at Singapore Badminton Hall, Singapore City, Singapore.
Badminton events was held between 28 May to 6 June.
Karolin (name)
Karolin is a Danish, Finnish, German, Norwegian, and Swedish feminine given name that is a diminutive form of Carolina and Caroline as well as an alternate form of Carolin.
Karólín is an Icelandic feminine given name that is a diminutive form of Carola as well as a short form of Karolína.
Notable people referred to by this name include the following:
SS Idaho
SS "Idaho was a 10,000-ton Texaco T2 type tanker ship, original named SS "Ditigo built by the Texas Steamship Company of Bath, Maine, completed in February of 1919.
In 1940 she was renamed the SS "Idaho".
SS "Idaho" was attacked by the Japanese submarine off the coast of California on December 23, 1941.
Sub I-21, captain Matsumura, surfaced and used his deck guns to attack the SS "Idaho" 18 miles off the coast of the small town of Cambria, California, but the 10,000-ton Texaco tanker escaped with minimal damage.
A few hour earlier on December 23rd, the submarine I-21 torpedoed the tanker SS "Montebello", in the same spot off the coast of northern California, and then proceeded to machine-gun the survivors in the water.
All of Montebello's 38 crew members survived the atrocity.
After the war the "Idaho" was scrapped in 1947.
These and other attacks put fear into California coastal cites, they turned off lights or blacked out windows at night.
Some sandbagged their homes and businesses.
Some radio stations went off the air and civil ships were ordered to stay in port.
Commercial air travel was grounded.
A military defense system was installed up and down the coast, that included blimps, patrol ships, artillery batteries, and aircraft.
Tom Byrne House
The Tom Byrne House, in Lincoln County, Idaho near Shoshone, Idaho< was built in 1914 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It is a one-story lava rock house built by the Hayden brothers, and has some elements of Colonial Revival style.
It is about in plan.
It is located northeast of Shoshone.
Wendell H. Gauthier
Wendell H. Gauthier (; April 14, 1943 – December 12, 2001) was an attorney known for a variety of major class action lawsuits.
He is best known for his leading role in Castano v. American Tobacco Company which established that large tobacco companies could be liable for injury to its users.
The dramatic case was fictionalized into John Grisham's bestselling novel Runaway Jury and directly led to numerous other "Son of Costano" suits and the $246 billion Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement, the largest settlement in history.
Wendell Gauthier was raised in Iota, Louisiana, a small town in the Acadiana region of Louisiana.
His father was a construction foreman as well as a city councilman and his mother was a school teacher.
His father managed Edwin Edward's first political campaign when Wendell was 11 and the two developed a close relationship.
Gauthier graduated from Iota High School before earning an undergraduate degree from the University of Southwest Louisiana (Now University of Louisiana at Lafayette) where he met his future wife, Anne Barrios.
He moved to New Orleans and taught high school, as well as driver's education across the metropolitan area while simultaneously earning his Juris Doctorate from the Loyola University New Orleans College of Law.
He was the first member of his family to attend college.
There he became best friends with Peter Castano whose death would trigger the start of the third wave of Tobacco litigation.
Gauthier used his unsophisticated background to full effect in the courtroom, connecting with jurors through a "infectious, perpetual, coprophagous grin", "soft cajun accent", and numerous "country-lawyer malapropisms".Further, he complimented his casual style with pranks and showmanship influenced by Melvin Belli.
Gauthier was also a coalition builder in a field that was normally extremely competitive and looked beyond his field to form close partnerships with politicians including dozens of city mayors including Mayor Marc Morial as well as Governor Edwin Edwards, and President Clinton.
Wendell Gauthier's first notable cases were a series of seven gas explosions at homes in the metro area.
Gauthier agreed to be part of a panel of experts that fixed the problem, preventing more explosions and therefore more lawsuits.
Gauthier said that it "put me out of the gas pipe business, but I was glad to be a part of the panel".
The MGM Grand hotel in Las Vegas caught fire November 21st, 1980 with approximately 3,400 registered guests inside.
Eighty-four people died and more than a thousand more suffered injury.
Gauthier, along with a team of eight other named attorneys and their firms successfully reached a $170 million dollar settlement.
Wendell Gauthier died in his home of Liver cancer Wednesday, December 12th, 2001.
Wendell Gauthier's daughter, Celeste Gauthier now continues the Gauthier name in the firm that Wendell founded in the 1970s and which still operates out of the same building.
They undertake a variety of suits but have expanded, under the direction of managing partner John Houghtaling, to represent property owners against insurance companies.
During his life, Wendell Gauthier served as a visiting member of his alma matar's faculty and after his death, Anne Gauthier donated a new 17,657 square foot wing to the law school.
This was the largest gift the college ever received from an individual.
The "family and friends of Mr. Gauthier" also established the Wendell H. Gauthier Lectureship in Trial Advocacy and Practice at Tulane University's Law School.
The Wendell and Anne Gauthier Family Foundation supports "music, visual arts, and Catholic education".
The foundation funds the Peter J. Castano Endowed Scholarship and the Michael St. Martin Chair in Environmental Law at Loyola New Orleans.
The foundation also supports the Musical Arts Society of New Orleans, the Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra , and the George Rodrigue Foundation.
The family foundation purchased the "Saga of the Acadians" in order to allow it to tour throughout the Acadiana and the rest of the state.
Wendell Gauthier is portrayed as Wendell Rohr in John Grisham's bestselling 1996 novel Runaway Jury as well as the movie adaptation.
The novel uses the Castano v. American Tobacco Company case as its setting while the movie, released in 2003 substitutes gun control as the issue being litigated.
Celeste Wood, another major character, may be named for Wendell's daughter Celeste.
Karolien
Karolien is a Dutch, and Swedish feminine given name that is a diminutive form of Carolina and Caroline as well as an alternate form of Carolin.
Notable people referred to by this name include the following:
State and official visits to the United Kingdom
State and official visits to the United Kingdom are formal visits by the head of state of one country to the United Kingdom, during which the British Sovereign acts as official host of the visitor.
It is a royal event that involves the all assets in the Civil Service, the Royal Household and the Household Division.
It also involves other members of the Royal family and is centered in London, the national capital.
Invitations for state visits are sent by the Royal Household with supervision by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
State visits do not formally occur between the United Kingdom and the 15 other Commonwealth realms, as the realms all share a common monarch and head of state.
Visits conducted by the monarch to another Commonwealth realm are also not considered a state visits but rather royal visits.
In addition, official visits to the United Kingdom by another Commonwealth realm are typically performed by their respective governor general, who in that capacity are usually in the country for an audience with the Queen.
One of the more notable as well as earliest instances of a state visit to the British Isle is the Grand Embassy of Peter the Great, which was a diplomatic mission to Western Europe in 1697 and 1698 led by Peter the Great of the Russian Empire.
The modern pomp and ceremonial came about in the early 19th century.
Examples of this new protocol in action included the Allied sovereigns' visit to England in June 1814.
Queen Victoria hosted Napoleon III for a state visit at Windsor Castle in 1855, although it consisted of more informal arrangements.
Very few formal state visits to the country did not take place prior to the reign of Queen Elizabeth in the 20th century.
One of those few state visits included one by Kaiser Wilhelm II during the reign of his uncle Edward VII in 1907.
Most dignitaries arrive at London Heathrow Airport, although there are cases of visitors arriving at London Stansted Airport instead.
They are usually greeted on behalf of the Queen by a member of the Royal family and the UK Foreign Secretary.
The dignitary and the monarch then ride down The Mall in a state carriage (usually the 1902 State Landau) escorted by the Household Cavalry with street liners coming from the Foot Guards.
Union Flags and the flags of the visiting country are usually draped on both sides of the road.
An arrival ceremony usually takes place on Horse Guards Parade (although there are also some instances where it takes place at Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle) with a Guard of Honour being provided by members of the Queen's Guard (usually found from one of the five regiments of foot guards: Grenadier Guards, Coldstream Guards, Scots Guards, Irish Guards, and the Welsh Guards).
Prior to a welcoming ceremony at Windsor Castle, the state guest receives a welcome at Datchet railway station with the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment and it's mounted band.
Following the performance of the national anthems, first of the visiting country and then "God Save the Queen" (although the former is the sole piece that played most of the time), the commander of the guard of honour formation, usually a junior officer, will always report to the dignitary in the language of the visitor, with the report being along the lines of the following:
After the report, the selected band plays a slow march while the formation of company size is inspected.
Depending on the area where the ceremony takes place, a march past will immediately take place following the inspection.
If it takes place on Horse Guards Parade, then the foreign guest and the Queen travel to Buckingham Palace in a carriage procession escorted by a large number of mounted soldiers from the Household Cavalry.
The welcome ceremony is accompanied by 21-gun salutes fired from Green Park and the Tower of London.
Exceptions to this included Xi Jinping who was received with a 41-gun salute in Green Park and a simultaneous 62-gun salute at the Tower of London and City of London (103 guns in total).
In recent years, Windsor Castle has hosted arrival ceremonies from President Thank Mbeki of South Africa, Abdullah II of Jordan, President Barack Obama and Margrethe II of Denmark.
During the lattermost visit, the guard of honour was provided by the Princess of Wales's Royal Regiment, a unit of which she is Colonel in Chief.
Guards of honour have also been accorded for visiting dignitaries who are in the country on official or even working visits, including Soviet leaders Nikita Khrushchev and Mikhail Gorbachev in 1956 and 1989 respectively as well as US President Donald Trump in 2018.
Upon returning home from the latter visit, Trump falsely claimed that the Queen, who accompanied him during his inpsection of the 1st Battalion, Coldstream Guards at Windsor Castle, "reviewed her Honor Guard for the first time in 70 years", despite the fact that at the time she had only been sovereign for 65 years.
The largest guard of honour to be formed up for a state visit was in 2003 during the visit of President George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush, when an arrival ceremony took place in the forecourt of Buckingham Palace, in which the Household Cavalry and the King's Troop were paraded in front of the visiting dignitaries.
Dignitaries have an informal lunch with the Queen before viewing the Royal Collection's artefacts and exchanging gifts with the Royals.
After all royal mertings are held, the visitor then engages in meetings with leaders in Her Majesty's Government, beginning with the British Prime Minister at 10 Downing Street.
In many of these meetings, multi-million pound business agreements are settled upon.
Meetings are also held with the Leader of the Opposition, the leaders of all parties in the House of Commons, and members of the British Cabinet.
In June 1978, Nicolae Ceaușescu made a state visit to the UK where a £200m licensing agreement was signed between the Romanian government and British Aerospace for the production of more than eighty BAC One-Eleven aircraft, which was said to be at the time the biggest civil aircraft agreement between two countries.
The visiting head of state, upon the Queen's request, may also be given the chance to give an address to both chambers of the British Parliament assembled on the halls of the House of Lords.
He/she addresses members of both chambers on the importances of political, economic and cultural ties shared by his/her home country with the millions of people of the United Kingdom.
The joint speech is presided by the Speaker of the House of Commons in coordination with the Lord Speaker.
The first foreign dignitary undertake such a reception was French President Albert Lebrun in March 1939 and most recently was under taken by Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands.
Heads of state from over 70 countries have laid wreaths at The Unknown Warrior during state visits.
State dinners are held at Buckingham Palace in London and on occasion at Windsor Castle in Berkshire, should the visitors stay there.
Around 150 guests are invited to the white tie event at the ballroom in Buckingham Palace for the banquet, which is an area that has a max capacity of 170 diners.
Guests typically members of the Royal Family, members of the visiting delegation, British politicians and notable figures from both countries.
Preparations of the state dinner are the responsibility of the Master of the Household and begin months in advance.
The seating chart for the event is confirmed both by the Queen and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
During the dinner, honours and decorations of both heads of state are worn and both speeches are checked extensively by the Foreign office.
The preparation of food begins closer to the start of the dinner to ensure the food is still fresh by the time it reahces the table.
This also means that every dish is prepared by hand from scratch.
The meal spans over four courses that include: fish; main course, pudding and dessert.
Each place setting has six glasses (for water, red and white wine, dessert wine, champagne and port) and up to a dozen pieces of cutlery.
The menu is chosen by the Queen from a choice of four presented by the royal kitchen.
Alcoholic drinks come from the Government Wine Cellar, while the food is prepared by chefs of the Royal Household.
Large silver-gilt dishes and vessels (both of which are never used durung the ceremony) are arranged in tiers on the central table.
Scotland is the most frequently visited constituent country in the UK during state visits.
They are usually hosted by the either the Queen or the First Minister of Scotland on this visit.
When hosted by the Queen, the visitor stays at either Edinburgh Castle or Holyrood Palace.
When hosted by the devolved executive government in Scotland, the visitor holds bilateral meetings at St Andrew's House.
During the visit, a speech to the Scottish Parliament is given in the chamber, being broadcast on Parliament TV with the Presiding Officer of the Parliament being the host.
Previous visits to the parliament have included:
The reigning monarch will usually host one or two states visits per year.
The reigning monarch has hosted 152 state visits since becoming the head of state in 1952.
Many controversies have arose from state visits to the United Kingdom, particularly in relation to the human rights record of the visitor:
Karolos
Karolos or Károlos is a Greek masculine given name that is an alternate form of Karl.
Notable people referred to by this name include the following:
2019–20 North Alabama Lions women's basketball team
The 2019–20 North Alabama Lions women's basketball team represented University of North Alabama during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.
They were led by head coach Missy Tiber in her seventh season at North Alabama.
The Lions played their home games at the Flowers Hall in Florence, Alabama as members of the Atlantic Sun Conference.
This season is North Alabama's second of a four-year transition period from Division II to Division I.
As a result, the Lions are not eligible for NCAA postseason play but can participate in the ASUN Tournament.
The Lions finished the 2019–20 season 21-9, 10-6 to finish tied in third place in ASUN play.
They received an invitation to play in the Women's Basketball Invitational (WBI), where they advanced to the semifinals before losing to North Texas.
The season marked the first of a four-year transition period from Division II to Division I.
!colspan=12 style=| Non-Conference Regular Season
Source:
Army Public School, Dinjan
Army Public School Dinjan is a CBSE school located in Dinjan Assam.
It is mainly for the students coming from the defence background.
The school was started in 1980 with few students with only primary wing.
The school got its AWES affiliation in the year of 1994 and in the continuation, 1997 the school was affiliated with Central Board of Secondary Education.
In 2009 XI classes was also added to the school.
Finally the time comes in 2010 the school shifted to the new big building with many advanced facilities.
Karolj
Karolj is a Hungarian masculine given name.
Notable people referred to by this name include the following:
Fahad Badar
Fahad Abdul Rahman Badar (born 1979) is a Qatari mountaineer known for being the first Arab male to double summit both Mount Everest and Lhotse in a single expedition on 23 May 2019.
He is one of only two Qataris to successfully climb Mount Everest to date.
In August 2019 he went on to achieve two further summits, Mont Blanc and the Matterhorn in the Swiss Alps.
Fahad Badar was born in Qatar, in 1979.
He graduated with a BA degree in Banking and Finance from Bangor University in North Wales, UK in 2006.
He completed his MBA from Durham University in the UK in 2007.
Badar started his career as a clerk at Commercial Bank of Qatar.
He is currently serving as the director of United Arab Bank.
He took on physical fitness and mental training long before his expeditions into Mountaineering.
He is also a Martial Arts aficionado since 1998 and an Aikido practitioner since 2000.
Badar started taking climbing seriously at the age of 38 with his first summit Mount Kilimanjaro in February 2018, then onto Jebel Shams in November 2018 the eighth tallest peak in the Middle East, Mount Elbrus in August 2018 and an attempt to summit Aconcagua in December 2018.
He had received ice climbing training in Scotland.
In 2019, He received an honor from the Qatar Ministry of Culture and Sports, and also from Nepalese Embassy at Doha.
Tennis at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games
Tennis at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games was held at Singapore Tennis Center, Singapore City, Singapore.
Tennis events was held between 29 May to 5 June.
Ursus Major Mountain
Ursus Major Mountain is a mountain summit located in Glacier National Park, in the Hermit Range of the Selkirk Mountains in British Columbia, Canada.
Ursus Major Mountain is situated west of Rogers Pass, northeast of Revelstoke, and west of Golden.
Its nearest higher peaks are Catamount Peak, to the southwest, and Ursus Minor Mountain, to the northeast.
The first ascent of the mountain was made August 5, 1902, by a Dominion Topographic Survey party.
The mountain's name was adopted in 1906, then re-approved September 8, 1932, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
It was so-named by the survey party because of its proximity above Bear Creek (since renamed Connaught Creek), and in keeping with the bear theme of other nearby features such as Ursus Minor Mountain, Grizzly Mountain, Bruins Pass, and Balu Pass.
The high point on Ursus Major's east ridge is unofficially called "Balu Peak".
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Ursus Major Mountain is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain and meltwater from small unnamed glaciers on its slopes drains into tributaries of the Illecillewaet River and Beaver River.
John Goodrich (Loyalist)
John Goodrich (1722–1785) was a Virginia-born British planter, merchant shipper, and privateer.
Uncommitted at the beginning of the American Revolution, he was recruited by Lord Dunmore to become a Loyalist privateer.
By his own estimation, he destroyed five hundred vessels in the service of the British Crown.
Goodrich was born in Virginia in 1722, one of several children of John Goodrich (d. 1746).
Unlike many Loyalists, Goodrich had deep roots in colonial America; his immigrant ancestor, "John Guttreidge", had patented land in Virginia in 1654.
In 1747 he married the descendant of another prominent local family, Margaret Bridger, a descendant of the 17th-century Virginia political figure General Joseph Bridger.
They raised a large family, including a number of sons that would follow their father into mercantile pursuits and, later, privateering.
One of his daughters, Agatha, married Robert Shedden, who would also become a prominent Loyalist as well as Goodrich's business partner.
Some of his close relatives ended up on the opposite side of the conflict, including two nephews who served as officers on the Patriot side.
A keen businessman, Goodrich spent his early adult years expanding his landholdings.
Over the course of several years, he purchased hundreds of acres of land in Nansemond and Isle of Wight counties.
By 1771 he owned over 2,000 acres of land, some of it described as the best land in the county.
Starting in the 1760s, he began to turn his interest from farming to shipping.
He and his sons owned and operated a dozen ships by 1774, and Goodrich also owned his own wharves, dry goods stores, warehouses, and other establishments useful to his shipping business.
Operating primarily out of Portsmouth, his small fleet shipped agricultural and timber commodities to the West Indies and to other ports in the colonies.
The Revolutionary War posed a serious threat to merchants like Goodrich, with blockades cutting off imports and exports, and privateers from both sides attacking merchant vessels.
Goodrich himself does not seem to have been particularly ideological; both sides of the conflict apparently understood he was more motivated by profit than politics.
Regardless, the Patriot side decided to enlist the aid of the Goodrich family.
Using one of Goodrich's sons, William, as a go-between, they provided £5,000 for the purchase of powder in the West Indies, with the understanding that John Goodrich, the father, would assist him in successfully bringing the cargo back without attracting notice.
The family elected to also purchase other cargo on the trip, risking the wrath of both the British and Patriot sides.
This mission proved to be a debacle for the Goodriches.
Though the powder did reach its destination, an intercepted letter to John Goodrich from his son-in-law Robert Shedden revealed the conspiracy to Dunmore, who took Shedden and another of Goodrich's sons into custody.
With John Goodrich, Jr., held as hostage, the elder John Goodrich sought an audience with Dunmore, where he expressed "sincere repentance of what was past and his earnest desire of returning to his duty".
Though he recognized Goodrich's essentially mercenary character, Dunmore seized the opportunity to augment British forces with a family of experienced, capable, and ambitious ship captains.
Having been convinced that his family's interests would be better served by the British, Goodrich and his family turned to the Loyalist cause.
The start of Goodrich's career as a Loyalist was not auspicious.
He set out to the West Indies to reclaim some of the money that had been left with a merchant there to purchase additional powder, but was quickly captured by British forces unaware of his new loyalties and promptly sent back to Dunmore.
The Patriots were, likewise, initially confused regarding his loyalties.
He was actually imprisoned by the Commonwealth of Virginia, which suspected him "of being unfriendly to the Colony", but when witnesses failed to appear he was released on a bond of £1,000 and the condition that he not be of assistance to America's enemies.
Goodrich and two of his sons were almost immediately charged again, this time with violating the Articles of Association.
On 9 March 1776, the Virginia Committee of Safety sequestered the lands and property of the Goodrich family, and when one of the Goodrich sons was caught attempting to transport slaves and stock from the sequestered property, the committee had the property confiscated and put up for auction.
This marked a decisive break with the Patriot side; General Charles Lee ordered Goodrich's house, as well as two of his ships, burned, justifying it on the grounds that Goodrich was one "of the most notorious Traitors", and that it would be a warning to others not to work with Dunmore.
Under his agreement with Dunmore, Goodrich's ships had been commissioned directly into government service, and he and his sons became some of the most notorious of the Loyalist privateers.
He was captured in North Carolina on 17 April 1776 while engaged in privateering, and by May was in a Virginia jail.
Being found guilty of treason, his entire estate was confiscated and he was imprisoned under guard, effectively a prisoner of war.
His sons vehemently rejected the committee's offer of neutrality and continued in royal service, with one joining Simcoe's Rangers, and John Goodrich himself returned to privateering after escaping prison.
Later in the war, Goodrich's privateering operation moved to New York, and grew over the course of the war to four fighting vessels; the largest, "The Dunmore", was a sixteen-gun ship.
After the war, Goodrich and several of his family members left the United States and settled in England.
He died in November of 1785, aged 63 years, and was interred at Topsham Church in Devon.
Edmund Randolph, in his "History of Virginia", remarked regarding Goodrich and his sons that "Virginia never repaired the loss which she sustained in these men."
In England, the descendants of John Goodrich were known as the Goodriches of Energlyn.
His son John Goodrich, Jr. was High Sheriff of Glamorganshire in 1798, while another descendant, James Pitt Goodrich, was High Sheriff of Denbighshire in 1878.
His Shedden descendants prospered as well; they lived for several generations at their estate at Spring Hill, East Cowes.
Vespamantoida
Vespamantoida is a genus represented by two species of praying mantises in the family Mantoididae.
The genus was erected in 2019 and the name was derived from the latin word "vespa" which means wasp and "Mmntoida" referring to the mantis.
These mantis resemble and mimic the behavior of a wasp.
There are two species of mantises in this genus:
Negin Zomorodi
Negin Zomorodi (; also Romanized as "Negin Zomorrodi", ; born 22 April 1973 in Tehran) is an Iranian composer and pianist.
Negin Zomorodi was born in 1973 in Tehran.
She began playing the piano at childhood under the instruction of such renowned masters as Voski Ohanessian and Farimah Qavam-Sadri.
After graduating in textile engineering from Amirkabir University of Technology (AUT) in 1996, motivated by her love for music, she pursued music composition more seriously than before, which ultimately led to her entrance to Tehran University of Art, and she did an MA in music composition in 2009.
Zomorodi also took specialized courses in music theory and harmony at The Royal Conservatory of Music (RCM) in Toronto, Canada and got up-to-date with these fields.
Since then her various works have been performed at festivals and concert halls, e.g.
Roudaki Hall, including the piece "Shadow" for the flute and piano, performed at the Contemporary Composers Festival in Tehran; the string quartet "Suddenly", performed by the Iranian group "Chahargan"; the string quartet "Migration", performed by the group "Respina Quartet"; and the piece "Butterfly’s Dance", performed at the Contemporary Composers’ Piano Night.
In addition to composition, Zomorodi is skilled at improvisation, and at the Fereshteh Music Nights Festival one night was allotted to her improvisational playing.
"Specialized Meetings at Gozar Music Academy" were initiated by her in September 2010, aimed at keeping players, composers, masters, and researchers in touch, as well as upgrading the skills of Iranian students of art.
Zomorodi has been both financially and spiritually the main supporter of these meetings, which are held monthly at Tehran Book Cities and Gozar Music Academy.
Zomorodi taught music subjects to graduate and postgraduate students at Tehran University of Art and Islamic Azad University for some years.
When Gozar Music Academy was founded in 2015, she took up its management.
SS Connecticut (1938)
SS "Connecticut" was a 8684 ton tanker ship built in 1938 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation and used for a World War II.
She operated her under the United States Merchant Marine act for the War Shipping Administration, with United States Navy Armed Guards to man her deck guns.
On December 28, 1941 the "Connecticut" was torpedoed near Cape Disappointment in the Pacific Ocean by of the .
To stop from sinking the "Connecticut" ran aground and was later salvaged.
The attack took place 10 nautical miles off the mouth of the Columbia River near Oregon.
The Japanese attack on the "Connecticut" was under the command of Lieutenant Commander Meiji Tagami.
The "Connecticut" was later sunk on April 22, 1942 in the middle of the South Atlantic, while in route from Port Arthur, Texas, to Capetown, South Africa.
German torpedo boat Esau (LS-4) from auxiliary cruiser SS "Michel" torpedoed the "Connecticut" at 2:10am.
The first torpedo started a fire to her cargo of 84,299 barrels of gasoline and heating oil.
The radio operator was able send out a SOS call before the second torpedo hit and blew the ship apart.
The attack killed 35 men and one more died aboard the merchant raider "Michel".
All 11 of the Navy Armed Guards were killed.
Only 18 survived, they were turned over to Japan at Yokohama.
Two of the Prisoner of wars died under the barbaric conditions as POW's of the Japanese.
"Connecticut" rest at 22.58 S - 16.05 W. After the war 16 of her POW made it back home.
The merchant raider "Michel" was torpedoed and sunk by the US submarine USS Tarpon on October 17, 1943, near Tokyo Bay all 263 men went down with the ship.
1992 in Australian literature
This article presents a list of the historical events and publications of Australian literature during 1992.
A list, ordered by date of death (and, if the date is either unspecified or repeated, ordered alphabetically by surname) of deaths in 1992 of Australian literary figures, authors of written works or literature-related individuals follows, including year of birth.
2019–20 UT Arlington Mavericks men's basketball team
The 2019–20 UT Arlington Mavericks men's basketball team represent the University of Texas at Arlington in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Mavericks, led by 2nd-year head coach Chris Ogden, play their home games at the College Park Center in Arlington, Texas as members of the Sun Belt Conference.
The Mavericks finished the 2018–19 season 17–16, 12–6 in Sun Belt play to finish in a tie for 2nd place.
In the Sun Belt Tournament, they defeated Georgia Southern in the semifinals, advancing to the championship game, where they were defeated by Georgia State.
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Sun Belt Conference regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Sun Belt Tournament
Source
John Collins (Surveyor General)
John Collins was an influential Deputy Surveyor General in the Province of Canada shortly after it was captured by the British.
According to the Dictionary of Canadian Biography little is known of Collins's early life.
Samuel Johannes Holland, Surveyor General when Collins was appointed his deputy, on September 8, 1764, wrote that he had been "“imployed for many years as a deputy Surveyor in the Southern Colonys”".
The Dictionary of Canadian Biography notes he was a prominent Freemason.
His wife, Margaret, died in 1770, and he had at least one child, a daughter, Mary, who married John Rankin, also a surveyor.
Collins was appointed Deputy Surveyor General on September 8, 1764.
His first major assignment, in 1765 was to survey the border between Canada and the Province of New York.
On September 23, 1787, Collins represented Governor General Lord Dorchester in the negotiation of the Toronto Purchase.
In the Province of Canada the Legislative Council's laws were not fully binding on the Governor, and the Governor appointed many of its members.
Collins was first appointed to the Legislative Council in 1773.
And was entrusted with positions on multiple administrative committees.
North Korean animation
North Korean animation is animation created in North Korea or by North Korean animators.
I'll Bury My Dead
I'll Bury My Dead is a 1953 crime thriller novel written by British Author James Hadley Chase.
Nick English's wayward brother has died under mysterious circumstances, and not believing that it is an accidental death, Nick sets off to investigate on his own.
Boxing at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games
The Boxing at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games was held between 30 May to 3 June at Singapore University Gymnasium.
Joseph Aloysius Burke
Joseph Aloysius Burke may refer to:
Dale Partridge
Dale Partridge (born 10 April 1985) is an American pastor and author.
Dale completed his graduate studies in biblical theology at Western Theological Seminary in Portland, Oregon.
In his early days, Partridge pursued a baseball career which ended early due to an arm injury.
He quickly switched to entrepreneurship and eventually founded Sevenly.org and StartupCamp.com.
At Sevenly, he experimented with social/charitable cause-based business ecosystems by using art and fashion to raise funds and awareness for a new charity every week.
Eventually, the business model of Sevenly was featured by several reporting outlets including Entrepreneur Magazine.
Dale has been featured in various business and editorial publications, including the cover of Entrepreneur Magazine, INC Magazine, Mashable, Forbes and the Los Angeles Times.
He has also appeared on FOX News, Today, and other various talk shows.
Prior to entering into the ministry, Partridge was a businessman and wrote "People over Profit" published by Thomas Nelson, which became a Wall Street Journal bestseller.
He’s since authored several Christian books including "Saved from Success" and "Real Christianity".
Dale and his wife lead a church planting ministry under the name "“ReLearn Church”".
The ministry is focused on training, establishing, and supporting small biblical communities to “unlearn what culture has taught us about church and relearn how the Bible instructs Christians to gather.” In addition, Partridge hosts a weekly podcast under the name "“Real Christianity.”"
On a Good Morning America show, Dale revealed that his views on women's leggings influenced his wife to discard it from her wardrobe.
Both, conservatives and liberals took the internet to clash with each other on the age-old issuse of using fashion as a tool to express one's ideology.
NWA Southwest Texas Tag Team Championship
The NWA Southwest Texas Tag Team Championship was the secondary tag team championship in NWA Southwest.
Linda on My Mind (album)
Linda on My Mind is the 32nd studio album by American country music singer Conway Twitty.
The album was released in 1975, by MCA Records.
Donald E. Stokes
Donald E. Stokes (1 April 1927 – 26 January 1997) was an American political scientist and dean of the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs.
Stokes was a founder of public opinion research, and a coauthor of the seminal book "The American Voter".
Stokes was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on April 1, 1957.
He obtained a bachelor's degree from Princeton University in 1951, and a PhD from Yale University in 1958.
Stokes began to work at the University of Michigan in 1958.
There he collaborated with fellow University of Michigan social scientists Angus Campbell, Philip Converse, and Warren Miller to write "The American Voter", which was one of the first major empirical studies of voting behavior.
Through thousands of interviews with American citizens during the election periods in 1948, 1952, 1954, 1956 and 1958, the authors first identified several of the core results in voting behavior that would form the Michigan model.
These include the importance of party identification, the low information level of many voters, and the large number of voters who remain undecided until immediately before an election.
In 1966, Campbell, Converse, Miller, and Stokes followed "The American Voter" with another book, "Elections and the Political Order".
Stokes studied the politics of the United Kingdom as well as American politics; he and David Butler conducted the first British Election Study, and coauthored the 1969 book "Political Change in Britain".
In 1971, Stokes became the dean of the Horace H. Rackham School of Graduate Studies at the University of Michigan.
He held that position until 1974, when he moved to Princeton University.
At Princeton, he became the dean of the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, which expanded significantly under his oversight.
Towards the end of his career, Stokes published the book "Pasteur's Quadrant", which studied the connection between basic science, applied science, and government policies.
Stokes is one of the most cited political scientists of all time, and is widely regarded as a founding scholar in the empirical study of political behavior.
Harold Tafler Shapiro, who was president of the University of Michigan and then of Princeton University, called Stokes "a pioneer in the development of modern political science".
International Criminal Court investigation in Palestine
On 20 December 2019, International Criminal Court chief prosecutor Fatou Bensouda announced an investigation into alleged war crimes committed during the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
A preliminary investigation had been ongoing since 2015.
Israel is not a member of ICC, but the State of Palestine was allowed to join in 2015.
Israel has argued that the court does not apply to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict because Palestine is not a state, as Israeli attorney general Avichai Mandelblit argued in a brief released hours before Bensouda's announcement.
On three previous occasions, Bensouda has refused to open investigations against Israel related to the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid.
According to Bensouda, the criteria for a full investigation had all been met, but jurisdiction had not been established.
Bensouda stated, "I am satisfied that war crimes have been or are being committed in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and the Gaza Strip".
According to Bensouda's report, the Israeli judicial system already makes provision for punishing those accused of war crimes—meaning that the ICC may not have jurisdiction over alleged Israeli violations.
Bensouda also found "a reasonable basis to believe that members of Hamas and Palestinian armed groups" are guilty of war crimes, but these groups have no mechanism for punishing such violations.
Israel is accused of illegally establishing West Bank settlements and violating the laws of war during the 2014 Gaza War, including claims of targeting Red Cross installations.
Armed Palestinian organizations, including Hamas, are accused of deliberately attacking Israeli civilians and using Palestinians as human shields.
Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned the investigation as "a black day for truth and justice" and "pure antisemitism", while Israeli newspaper "Yedioth Ahronoth" denounced "The Hague's hypocrisy" in a headline.
In an interview with "Times of Israel" Bensouda described the charge of antisemitism as "a particularly regrettable accusation that is without merit" and emphasized that the court strives to be fair and impartial.
United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo stated, "We firmly oppose this and any other action that seeks to target Israel unfairly."
Australia argued that the issues should be resolved by negotiation, while Germany stated that it trusts the court and wants to avoid politicising the case.
Hungary announced that it agrees with Israel's arguments about jurisdiction.
The Palestinian Authority issued a statement declaring that "Palestine welcomes this step as a long overdue step to move the process forward towards an investigation, after nearly five long and difficult years of preliminary examination".
Bronwyn Katz
Bronwyn Katz (born 1993) is a South African sculptor and visual artist.
She is a founding member of iQhiya Collective, a network of young black female artists based in Cape Town and Johannesburg, South Africa.
Katz was born in 1993 in Kimberley, South Africa.
She attended the University of Cape Town, South Africa and graduated in 2015 with a BFA.
She was awarded with the Simon Gerson Prize at the University of Cape Town.
Katz's works incorporates sculpture, installation, video and performance.
Using the concept of land as a repository of memory, Her works reflect the notion of place or space as lived experience and hence the ability of the land to remember and communicate the memory of its occupation.
In 2016, her solo exhibition titled Groenpunt was held at Blank Projects in Cape Town.
Katz has held five solo exhibitions and participated in several group exhibitions including;
Katz lives and works in Johannesburg.
Etsanyi Tukura
Beauty Etsanyi Tukura (born 21 October 1997) is a beauty pageant contestant from Nigeria.
In 2019, she won the Miss Nigeria 2019 competition.
Tukura was born in the city of Port Harcourt, Nigeria, the youngest of four children.
In 2019, Tukura represented Taraba state at the Miss Nigeria pageant at Eko Convention Center, Lagos.
She won the pageant, becoming the first contestant from northern Nigeria to win the event.Tukura manages an online business known as StylishBeauty, which retails original branded items from various designers all around the world.
Khamar (disambiguation)
Khamar may refer to:
Pinhas Alpert
Pinhas Alpert (ה׳ תשרי ה׳תש״י) is a professor of Atmospheric Sciences at Tel Aviv University.
Alpert was born in Jerusalem, on 1949.
On his father‘s side he is the 4th generation in Jerusalem - his great-grandfather came to Israel from Slonim-Russia in 1867, and was a teacher (Melamed, in Hebrew) in the Hurva Synagogue in the Old city.
Alpert studied until the age of 6 in his grandfather's "Cheder", then in the "Etz-Haim" Talmud-Torah in the Zichron-Moshe neighborhood of Jerusalem.
Then, he moved in 1957 to the  ”Moriah" school in the Bucharim neighborhood in Jerusalem.
His high school was ”Dugma.
After finishing high school he was accepted to the academic reserve (in Hebrew העתודה האקדמית) and studied Physics-Mathematics at the Hebrew University, in a special program which included computer studies for the first time in Israel.
Following his B.Sc., he continued to M.Sc.
in Physics during his IDF service.
In the IDF he became in 1973 a weather forecaster in the Air Force meteorology unit.
He later became the commander of meteorology for the Air Force‘s transport base, for 3 years.
In 1977 he left the IDF with the rank of captain, and later became a major during his reserve service.
Alpert was asked to continue his reserve service in the IDF, as an exception, until the age of 56, since he had developed the modeling scientific basis for the modern forecasting infrastructure at the Meteorological Service and the Air Force.
Alpert is married to Rachel, RN, and is the father of eight children.
During his service as a Meteorology officer in the Israel Air Force, Alpert was confronted with the severe difficulty of flood forecasting.
This motivated him to develop new techniques to predict and monitor rain, as well as to develop high-resolution models to improve forecasting.
In parallel with his military service, he began to work at the Hebrew University on light scattering from atmospheric aerosols.
After his release from the IDF he began his Ph.D. studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , during which he built his own meteorological model, which successfully explained the typical summer afternoon storms over the Sea of Galilee (Lake Kinneret).
Upon finishing his Ph.D. in 1980, he was invited to a post-doctorate at Harvard University.
For two years Alpert worked with Richard Lindzenand studied the Indian Monsoon.
During his post-doctorate he developed a physical model incorporating feedback from the moist surface.
After two years in Boston, in 1982, he was invited by the Department of Geophysics and Planetary Sciences at Tel-Aviv University (now the Department of Earth Sciences) to become a faculty member.
In the year 2004 he was elected an honorary member of the world Jewish Academy for Sciences.
During the years 2005-2008 Alpert served as Head of the Department of Geophysics at Tel-Aviv University, and then in 2008-2013 he served as the Head of the TAU Porter School for Environmental Studies.
Alpert‘s research group is engaged in theoretical studies and observations of the dynamics of atmospheric processes, using hydro-dynamical models for numerically solving the development of different phenomena.
He was the first to investigate theoretically several synoptic systems in Israel, including Sharav low, Cyprus low, Red Sea Trough, etc.
Remote sensing observations include satellites, radar, and recently data collected by cellular antennas used for communication.
This last source was first identified in his research, published in "Science" Magazine.
Recently this method was applied for novel flood warning and monitoring of rain, fog, and humidity.
In order to investigate atmospheric phenomena Alpert devised a method allowing for the identification of the effect by different factors, including separation of synergistic effects.
The atmospheric models applied by Alpert are of three different types: The first is used for study of weather forecasting difficulties, and investigating phenomena such as rain, cyclone genesis, winds, etc.
The second type is of climate models which can be run ~100 years into the future, and with this method Alpert was the first to investigate detailed potential climate changes due to global warming in the Middle-East.
The third type of models focuses on aerosols in the atmosphere, with emphasis on mineral dust mainly from the Sahara and the Middle-East region, as well as sea-salt particles, and their effect on weather and climate.
Alpert has published over 240 articles in scientific peer-reviews journals, and an additional ~100 chapters in books.
In 2011 his book "Factor Separation in the Atmosphere: Applications and Future Prospects" was published by Cambridge Academic Press.
The book describes the factor separation method that he developed since 1993 for investigating interactions in the atmosphere.
The method was adopted globally by many research groups, and the book describes many and various applications.
In 2009 his book "Rain and Wind - meteorology in light of Judaism" (in Hebrew גשם ורוח - מטאורולוגיה בראי היהדות) was published by Rubin Mass press.
In this book Alpert analyses weather phenomena appearing in Jewish literature, provides modern scientific explanations, and ties the literary descriptions to common situations in the climate of Israel.
In 2014 his book "Diary of a Jerusalm Muchtar" (in Hebrew- יומנו של מוכתר בירושלים") was published by Bar-Ilan University publishing house.
The book reproduces the historic journal written by Alpert‘s uncle during the British Mandate, when he served as a ”muchtar", or head of neighborhood, in north Jerusalem.
Alpert had sabbaticals at NASA, where he was given the Goddard Fellow title, as well as in USA and UK universities.
He was invited as a lecturer to the program at Université catholique de Louvain Belgium, the French Meteorological Research Center in Tolouse, and NASA‘s Goddard Space Flight Center.
Alpert was the first Israeli to be awarded the Bjerknes Medal by the European Geosciences Union for 2018, in recognition of his achievements in the field of Atmospheric Sciences.
Shiji Niangniang
Shiji Niangniang () is a goddess in Chinese religion and Taoism.
Before becoming goddess, she was a 10,000-year-old demoness.
It was originally a stone and was born outside the heavens and the earth, during the Chaos era and the Xuanhuang era.
Shiji was originally a major villain from the mythical classic "Compendium of Information on the Gods of the Three Religions" (三教搜神大全), and featured in the Chinese novel "Fengshen Yanyi" as a major antagonist of Nezha.
Shiji was originally a stone, who receives the essence of the sun and the moon, that was born beyond the cosmos and has become a divine spirit by undergoing earth, water, fire and air.
After countless thousands of years, it became spiritual.
After 10,000 years of cultivation, this stubborn stone finally became a human figure.
Shiji was later accepted by the heavenly master Tongtian Jiaozhu as a student.
After attaining Taoism, it took thousands of years to practice.
Although the speed of practice is very slow, because of countless years, Shiji has a profound understanding of Tao.
As far as its comprehensive strength is concerned, it is still above Taiyi Zhenren.
Shiji is a demon leader who is detrimental to the world and opposed the heaven.
She gave birth to the monsters and demons because the world were flooded, the Jade Emperor was furious.
Jade Emperor has ordered Nezha down to earth incarnate demon slayer.
One day, Nezha used the bow and arrow of Rulai to shoot kill Shiji's children, and finally Shiji was also killed with a magic pestle (魔杵).
Shiji lives in the White Bone Cave of Skull Mountain, and there are two apprentices under the gate, Biyun Tongzi and Caiyun Tonger.
One day, Nezha shot an arrow and unexpectedly killed the gatekeeper Biyun Tongzi.
She came to seek revenge Nezha and his father Li Jing to be justified.
Nezha could not beat Shiji and his master Taiyi Zhenren came to protect him.
Taiyi attacked Shiji and burned her with Nine-dragon-fire-net (九龙神火罩).
While trapped in this net, Taiyi summoned several dragons which unleashed a large volley of fire into the net; instantly killing Shiji and turning her back into her original form as a molten rock.
After her death, Jiang Ziya deified Shiji as the Yue Youxingjun (月游星君 "Star of Moon Tour").
Shiji is although on the side of law and order, is depicted as rigid and lacking compassion.
Moreover, although divine, both Ao Guang and, especially, Shiji are demonic figures in the Fengshen Yanyi.
Nezha's crimes against them are accidental, and he defends himself—albeit excessively—from their aggressive attempts to punish him.
In line with preceding argument, one might also view these circumstances as contributing to the author's careful construction of sympathy pathy for Nezha.
Shiji is also related to the stone born from the heaven and earth of Sun Wukong or Jia Baoyu.
Shiji is worshipped in Chinese folk religion and is called "Shiji Niangniang" (the goddess of stone) or "Yue Youxingjun" (the deity of moon tour star).
Located in Caishiji, five miles southwest of Ma'anshan City, the Sanyuan Cave Temple (三元洞) is built with a sitting statue of Shiji.
Kim Sun-yong
Kim Sun-yong (born 26 May 1987) is a South Korean former professional tennis player.
Kim, who was born in Seoul, won the junior doubles title at the 2005 Australian Open, partnering Taiwan's Yi Chu-huan.
He was runner-up in the boys' singles event to Donald Young and was also a singles semi-finalist at the 2005 US Open juniors.
A right-handed player, Kim featured in three Davis Cup ties for South Korea.
In 2005 he won both of his singles matches against Pacific Oceania, then played a dead rubber in the Group II final against New Zealand, which he lost to Jose Statham.
His only other appearance came in 2007, when he won in the singles against Dmitriy Makeyev of Kazakhstan.
NGC 880
NGC 880 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation Cetus about 554 million light years from the Milky Way.
It was discovered by the American astronomer Francis Leavenworth in 1886.
Reginaldus de Combe
Reginaldus de Combe (fl.
1300/1301), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1300/1301.
Tomás Borrás
Tomás Borrás y Bermejo (10 February 1891, Madrid - 26 August 1976, Madrid) was a Spanish journalist, novelist and playwright.
He attended the Instituto San Isidro, leading to a degree in law, but he practiced for only a short time before deciding to change careers; having been a writer since his youth.
As a member of the tertulia at the , he appears in a famous group portrait by José Gutiérrez Solana.
He was married to the tonadillera and cupletista, Aurora Jaufrett, who performed under the name "".
Eventually, he became a journalist, beginning as a collaborator at the informal daily journal, , during the dictatorship of Primo de Rivera, then took a position with the daily "ABC" and its associated magazine, "Blanco y Negro".
Later, he was a participant in the Juntas de Ofensiva Nacional-Sindicalista (JONS), which became the Falange.
During the Francoist dictatorship, he worked for publications such as ', subsequently becoming the Editor of the dailies, ' from Seville and "", from Tangiers.
He also held several minor political positions.
In 1953, he was named the Cronista Oficial de la Villa de Madrid (Official Chronicler of Madrid).
He was also awarded the Premio Nacional de Periodismo and the .
Shortly after his death, the street where he had lived for much of his life was renamed for him.
The Círculo de Bellas Artes placed a commemorative plaque at the corner.
He was very prolific; producing numerous novels and plays in addition to his journalistic work.
He also had a fondness for verses and biographies.
Most of his work is in the Modernismo style and he was deeply involved in one of the most innovative theatrical companies of the time, the , under the direction of Gregorio Martínez Sierra.
Of particular note was "El sapo enamorado" (The Frog in Love), which preimiered in 1916, with music by Pablo Luna and decorations by .
His literary works include a collection of 203 very short stories (what would now be called "flash fiction") entitled "Cuentos gnómicos" (Gnomic Tales), which were published in thirteen volumes between 1940 and 1969.
Sixty-four of the tales were selected for a later edition, published in 2013.
His radio drama, "Todos los ruidos de aquel día" (All the Noises of that Day), was broadcast on on April 24, 1931, ten days after the proclamation of the Second Republic.
It is considered to be one of the first radio plays in which sound effects served as a fundamental presence.
Rogerus Coppyng
Rogerus Coppyng (fl.1300/1301), was an English Member of Parliament.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lewes in 1300/1301.
Lilin Baba
Shu’aibu Ahmed Abbas (born 2 January 1992), known professionally as Lilin Baba, is a Nigerian singer, song writer, record executive, film actor and entrepreneur.
Lilin Baba is best known in Kannywood film industry for the role he played in his debut movie titled "Hauwa Kulu".
He was nominated at City People Entertainment Awards for 2018 Arewa Most Promising Music Act of the Year.
He won the 2019 Arewa Best RnB Music Act of the Year at the City People Entertainment Awards.
3Peace Lovers
3Peace Lovers (stylized 3Peace☆Lovers) was a Japanese project group formed by Happinet in 2012.
The group consists of 3 members: actor Yoshihide Sasaki, visual-kei band member Hayato Nikaido, and member Ha Min-woo.
The group was put together as a crossover between J-pop, visual-kei rock, and K-pop, which each member represents respectively.
Xie Youfa
Xie Youfa (; 16 April 1917 - 9 January 1995) was a lieutenant general in the People's Liberation Army (PLA).
Xie was born in Xingguo County, Jiangxi on April 16, 1917.
He joined the Communist Youth League of China in January 1932 and joined the Chinese Workers' and Peasants' Red Army in the following year.
In 1934 he took part in the Long March.
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, he fought against the Imperial Japanese Army in Shandong.
After the founding of the Communist State, he was present at the Second Phase Offensive and Chinese Spring Offensive between 1950 and 1951 during the Korean War.
In 1955, at the age of 38, he was awarded the military rank of lieutenant general ("zhongjiang") by President Mao Zedong.
That same year, he became Deputy Director of Organization Division of the People's Liberation Army General Political Department.
In 1956 he was accepted to the Central Party School of the Communist Party of China.
After graduation, he was appointed Political Commissar of PLA Military Institute of Engineering and Director of the Political Department of State Infrastructure Commission in 1958.
In 1966 he was transferred to Shenyang Military Region and appointed Deputy Political Commissar.
He was Political Commissar of PLA Political College in August 1980, and held that office until 1983, then he was its consultant, serving in the post until he retirement in 1986.
On January 19, 1995, he died of an illness in Beijing, aged 77.
He had a son and a daughter.
2000–01 West Midlands (Regional) League
The 2000–01 West Midlands (Regional) League season was the 101st in the history of the West Midlands (Regional) League, an English association football competition for semi-professional and amateur teams based in the West Midlands county, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and southern Staffordshire.
The Premier Division featured 20 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with three new clubs:
Also, Smethwick Rangers changed name to Warley Rangers.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Niju Ram
Niju Ram (died 25 December 2019) was an Indian politician from Himachal Pradesh belonging to Bharatiya Janata Party.
He was a legislator of the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
Ram was elected as a legislator of the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Rampur in 1977 as a Janata Party candidate.
Later, he joined Bharatiya Janata Party.
Ram died on 25 December 2019.
Márta V. Naszályi
Márta Váradiné Naszályi, commonly known as Márta V. Naszályi (born 1970), is a Hungarian landscape architect, horticulturist and politician, who has been the Mayor of Budavár (1st district of Budapest) since 2019.
She is a member of the Dialogue for Hungary (PM).
Naszályi was born into a middle-class family in 1970 in Budapest.
She lives in the 1st district since childhood.
Her father Gábor Naszályi is a former electric engineer and typographer, who was imprisoned for his participation in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.
Her mother Mária Naszályi (née Bajusz) served as chief notary of the 1st district until her death.
Naszályi finished her secondary studies at the Franciscan Gymnasium at Szentendre.
She earned a degree of landscape architect engineer at the University of Horticulture and Food Industry (present-day a faculty within the Szent István University).
She worked as a landscape architect and project manager for Metropolitan Horticultural Nonprofit Co. Ltd. (Főkert), then for various construction companies since 1993.
Naszályi joined Politics Can Be Different (LMP) in early 2010.
Her name appeared in the party's Budapest Regional List, but did not secure a mandate during the 2010 parliamentary election.
She was elected into the local representative body of Budavár (1st district) during the 2010 local elections.
She also functioned as professional coordinator for the caucus of LMP in the General Assembly of Budapest.
When the party's “Dialogue for Hungary” platform decided to split from LMP in February 2013, Naszályi was among the founding members of the new party, Dialogue for Hungary (PM).
She retained her position in the local representative body of Budavár.
She was re-elected as representative during the 2014 local elections.
She worked as an environment councilor within the local government for the next five years.
She was a member of the presidency of her party from 2016 to 2018.
Initially, she was a candidate of the MSZP–PM electoral alliance for the position of MP for Budapest Constituency I during the 2018 parliamentary election, but, alongside other opposition politicians, withdrew her candidacy in favor of LMP politician Antal Csárdi.
She became a member of the General Assembly of Budapest in June 2018, replacing Sándor Székely, who was elected Member of Parliament two months before.
In accordance with their agreement on 6 April 2019, Naszályi was the joint candidate of opposition parties MSZP, PM, DK and Momentum for the position of mayor of Budavár during the 2019 Hungarian local elections; she defeated incumbent mayor Gábor Tamás Nagy (Fidesz), who administered the district since 1998.
Norbert Jers
Norbert Jers (born 1947) is a German musicologist.
Born in Aachen, Jers completed a practical musical education in piano and choir conducting.
He then studied musicology, pedagogy and archaeology at the University of Cologne.
He gained his first professional experience at the WDR and the Arno Volk publishing house in Cologne.
In addition, he worked as a freelancer in high schools, at the adult education centre and in the record industry and church choir direction.
From 1980 to 1983 Jers was a lecturer at the Episcopal Academy of the Diocese of Aachen.
This was followed by a professorship for music pedagogy at the Catholic University of Applied Sciences of North Rhine-Westphalia.
From 1989 to 1993 he was head of department and dean at the Catholic University of St. Gregorius Church Music in Aachen.
From 2000 to 2007 he had a teaching assignment for musicology at the same university.
Jers' musicological treatises provide the reader with a comprehensive insight into the music history of the Rhineland
LVIII Panzer Corps
LVIII Panzer Corps was a panzer corps in the German Army during World War II.
This corps was established on 28 July 1943 as LVIII.
Reserve-Panzerkorps in Wehrkreis V. On 6 July 1944, it was renamed LVIII Panzerkorps.
It was sent to Le Mans in France on 20 July 1944 to fight the allies.
It retreated through France before fighting in the Ardennes Offensive in winter 1944-1945.
It ended the war in the Ruhr Pocket in April 1945.
2020 Michigan Wolverines baseball team
The 2020 Michigan Wolverines baseball team will represent the University of Michigan in the 2020 NCAA Division I baseball season.
The Wolverines, led by head coach Erik Bakich in his eighth season, are a member of the Big Ten Conference and will play their home games at Wilpon Baseball Complex in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The Wolverines finished the 2019 season 50–22 overall, including 16–7 in conference play, finishing in second place in their conference.
Following the conclusion of the regular season, the Wolverines qualified to play in the 2019 Big Ten Conference Baseball Tournament, where the Wolverines lost in the semifinals of the Big Ten Tournament to Nebraska.
Michigan received an at-large bid to the 2019 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament, where they advanced to the College World Series and lost in the championship game to Vanderbilt.
Michigan was ranked No.
10 by Collegiate Baseball in their pre-season poll.
Hosh el-Kab fort
The Hosh el-Kab fort is a fort in Sudan.
Ruins of a stone fort located on the left bank of the Nile (geographical coordinates 16° 0'37.06 "N, 32° 33'1.16" E, EPSG: 3857), in Khartoum State (Sudan), at a distance of 40 km from the place where the waters of the White Nile meet with the Blue Nile.
The enclosure was erected in the 2nd half of the 6th century AD.
At that time, the region was under the Alwan rule.
It is the largest known regular fort in the Middle Nile Valley.
It was built of stones bonded with mud mortar.
It is quadrilateral in layout with internal dimensions measuring 97x88 meters.
Thirteen bastions reinforced the walls, located in the corners and at regular intervals along the curtains.
Two gates led to the fort, one from the riverside (from the east), the other from the desert (from the west).
In 2018, the fort curtains were preserved to a height of about 0.7 meters.
Geophysical research conducted in 2018 proved that there are numerous structures erected along the inner faces of the walls as well as free-standing buildings.
The fort was inhabited until the mid-seventh century.
Afterward, it was no longer maintained.
It was abandoned for approx.
1000 years.
During the Funj period (16th-19th centuries), a small group settled in the ruins of the fort.
Traces of buildings and stone structures from this period can be found mainly in the south-eastern part of the enclosure.
Some of them were built directly on the ruins of the defenses.
In 2018, the place was abandoned.
The proximity of the Nile (a distance of about 500 meters) makes the area attractive to local farmers.
This is evidenced by a 10-meters wide irrigation channel, which was dug in 2013/2014 across the fort.
Street children in Ukraine
Street children in Ukraine are underage individuals who live and survive in Ukrainian streets without attendance and care of adults.
As a rule they are dwelling in landfills, public transit stations, junkyards, or under the bridges of major cities.
The country's legal system defines the term "street children" as children who either left their family or have been abandoned by their parents.
Violence against them is considered to be a widespread and serious national problem because in Ukraine they can become victims of commercial sexual exploitation, police violence, civil rights abuses and human trafficking.
In 1991 Ukraine proclaimed its independence after collapse of the Soviet Union.
The process was followed by transition to free market economy and rapid social changes, like impoverishment of population, high unemployment, and subsequently — sky-rocketing juvenile delinquency, wide spread of street drugs and adolescent suicides during the mid-1990s.
Living on the streets exposes the youngsters to a wide number of risk factors, and due to their effect the great part of the infants falls behind in the schooling.
The main risks of street life in Ukraine are physical and sexual violence, drug abuse, malnutrition, police abuse and harassment, risky sexual activity, forced sex, unintended pregnancy, and different kinds of infections, like HIV, tuberculosis, STDs and hepatitis.
The risks contribute to the psychological and emotional condition of the street youngsters instigating among them traumatism, depressions, sense of isolation, and insufficient self-esteem.
In addition, their opportunities to make a living are very limited by beggary, collection of empty bottles and so on.
As a result their everyday surviving can be characterized as deviation from the ethical norms of the civil society since the street children tend to be inclined to criminal activities (theft, robbery and property damage), vagrancy, substance abuse and prostitution regardless of their gender.
It was reported that the use of drugs among Ukrainian homeless minors acquired a special meaning of symbolic ritual.
In order to strengthen their subgroup solidarity they have developed a ceremony to inject a so called "baltrushka" (mixture of vinegar, water and flu medicine) up to six times a day.
Another popular method of drug taking in Ukraine is inhaling glue.
The uncontrolled use of injection drugs, sharing needles and unprotected sex make the street children extremely vulnerable to HIV.
The spread of HIV among the Ukrainian street children attracted a lot of special research interest due to their way of life.
The available data show that the street children and youth of the major cities make up about 33 % of total population at risk.
Testing of HIV samples collected in different Ukrainian cities demonstrates that HIV prevalence among street children may be as high as 50 %.
According to the obtained data around 15.5% of street minors in Ukraine used the injected drugs at least once, 9.8% of boys reported anal sex experience when only 36 % of them acknowledged using condom during their most recent sexual encounter.
An access of the street minors to public health services in Ukraine is a serious problem too due to cumbersome bureaucratic protocol and negative attitude of the medical personnel to the homeless people.
Some providers of the health services may refuse to treat them or provide just a limited treatment only in life-threatening condirion.
Ukrainian Police for Minors treats the street children as "potential criminals".
The police attitude towards the youngsters may include sexual harassment and physical violence.
According to some reports around 75 % of the Ukrainian street children have experienced a harassment from the police and 41 % have been harassed more than tree times in the past year.
Unfortunately, official data about a total number of street children in Ukraine are not available.
As a result, there is a huge range of different evaluations between 30,000 and 300,000.
An assessment of Ukrainian Ministry of Health indicated that there is around 115,000 of adolescents aged 10—18 who need a protection.
Nevertheless, there is no doubts that their number went up significantly during last 17 years.
As of 2003, the Ukrainian government estimated their number of 50,000 using data collected from street shelters.
A main factor, which pushes the minors to the street life is an extreme poverty of Ukrainian population.
The adults has to work longer hours or seek for employment in neighbor countries, while their children are being left unattended.
Other factors are widespread alcoholism and substance abuse, physical or sexual violence and ignoring the parenting responsibilities within their families.
A survey of Ukrainian children in the age before 15 demonstrated that around 66 % of them used to live with an alcoholic or illegal drug user, 60 % have separated or divorced parents, 54 % witnessed violence of intimate partner, around 50% experienced violence against themselves, 41 % lived with ex-prisoners of Ukrainian penitentiary system, 38 % lived with someone who was mentally sick or tried to commit suicide.
1999–2000 West Midlands (Regional) League
The 1999–2000 West Midlands (Regional) League season was the 100th in the history of the West Midlands (Regional) League, an English association football competition for semi-professional and amateur teams based in the West Midlands county, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and southern Staffordshire.
The Premier Division featured 19 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with three new clubs:
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
MK285
The MK285 is an airburst grenade that can be fired from certain 40 mm belt-fed automatic grenade launchers.
The grenade was designed for the Mk 47 grenade launcher.
The Mk 47 is a candidate for replacing the Mark 19 grenade launcher, first fielded in 1968, and still in widespread service, around the world.
The Mk 47 is considerably lighter than the Mk 19, is designed to fire all the same suite of grenades as the Mk 19, together with more modern grenades the Mk 19 could not fire, like the MK285 grenade.
The MK285 contains a programmable fuse, designed by Bofors, that sets the distance at which the grenade will explode, when the weapon's trigger is pulled.
The weapon's computerized sight will have measured the distance to the target the gunner was aiming at, and that distance will be transferred to the grenade's fuse.
The munition spins, on its way to the target, and the fuse counts rotations to measure the distance travelled.
This airburst capability means that the grenade can damage or disable soft targets, like trucks, with a near miss.
It also means the grenade can injure or kill soldiers who are behind walls or in trenches, through indirect fire, who could not be hurt by more conventional grenades that exploded when hitting those walls.
The manufacturer characterizes the grenade as a weapon that can hit around corners.
As of 2015 the Mk 19 remained the frontline grenade launcher used by the US military.
Limited numbers of Mk 47 weapons had been issued to special forces units.
The grenade is manufactured by the Norwegian firm Nammo Raufoss.
The explosive in the grenade is classed as "insensitive" - ie.
less likely to sympathetically explode due to the nearby explosion of other munitions.
Ayelén García
Ayelén García (born 13 December 1999) is an Argentine handball player for River Plate and the Argentine national team.
125 Group
The 125 Group is a volunteer run charity in England dedicated to the preservation of the InterCity 125s and specifically, Class 43 powercars.
Its aims are:
The 125 Group was founded in 1994 at a time when the InterCity 125 remained in daily use and under no threat of withdrawal, in 2006 it purchased 10 Paxman Valenta engines when the majority of the Class 43 powercars were repowered with a view to restoring some to original condition when withdrawn.
In 2011, it reached an agreement with the National Railway Museum to become the custodian of Class 41 prototype powercar 41001 and restore it to operational condition at Neville Hill TMD.
This work was completed in 2014, with 41001 based at the Great Central Railway (Nottingham).
The 125 Group purchased a number of Mark 3 carriages to operate with it.
In 2019, the National Railway Museum terminated the lease of 41001.
Upon withdrawal in early 2020, former East Midlands Railway Class 43 powercars 43048 and 43089 will be donated by Porterbrook to the 125 Group.
In order to support its ongoing preservation efforts, an appeal was launched to raise £100,000 for a depot building to be located at its current base of operations, Great Central Railway (Nottingham).
As of January 2020, this total stood at over £88,000.
Carly Joy Wessels
Carly Joy Wessels (born 13 October 1994) is a South African water polo player.
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2018 FINA Women's Water Polo World League.
Deepak Shetty
Deepak Shetty (born 28 August 1991) is an Indian cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 25 December 2019, for Mumbai in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
Arnold Reading
Major-General Arnold Hughes Eagleton Reading (3 April 1896 – 4 January 1975) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Marines officer.
He served in the Royal Marines from 1914–1946, rising to the rank of major-general, in addition to playing first-class cricket for the Royal Navy.
The son of the Reverend Mark Alfred Reading, he was born in South Africa in April 1896 at Helibron, Orange Free State.
He was educated in England at Cranleigh School, before joining the Royal Marines at the start of the First World War as a probationary second lieutenant.
During the war he was promoted twice, first to lieutenant in March 1915, while in May 1918 he was promoted to captain.
Reading later made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1929.
Batting twice in the match, he was dismissed in the Royal Navy first-innings for 12 runs by Frederick Arnold, while in their second-innings he was dismissed for 7 runs by Edward Armitage.
He was promoted to major in June 1932, before being promoted to lieutenant colonel.
At the start of the Second World War he was posted to HMS "St. Angelo" in Malta.
In November 1939, he was made a temporary colonel, which he relinquished in January 1940.
He was the commanding officer of 5th RM Battalion between March 1940 and February 1942, taking part in the operations in Dakar between August and October 1940.
He was made an acting colonel commandant in February 1942, while in October 1943 he was made a colonel 2nd commandant.
He was appointed as the Royal Marines "aide-de-camp" to George VI in October 1945, replacing Arthur Reginald Chater in the role.
After the conclusion of the war, Reading held the rank of temporary brigadier and was promoted to major-general in January 1946.
He was made a CBE in the 1946 Birthday Honours.
He was placed on the retired list in November of the same year, having ended his career as the commander of the RM Plymouth Division.
Following his retirement, Reading settled at Buckland St Mary, Somerset.
He was appointed as a deputy lieutenant for Somerset in June 1955.
He later moved to Sellicks Green, where he died in January 1975.
He was survived by his wife, Phoebe, whom he had married in 1933.
Kenichi Kimura
Kenichi Kimura may refer to:
Aaryan (singer)
Aaryan Banthia born on (12 February 1994), popularly known as Aaryan, is an Indian Singer-Guitarist, Composer & Record producer presently based in Mumbai and tied up with the Zee Music Company for his latest compositions releases.
He released his single 'Yaadein' with the 'Zee Music Company' in the year 2019, October.
Aaryan was born on 12 February 1994 in Kolkata, West Bengal to Sushil (Businessman) and Bindu Banthia (Homemaker).
He grew up in Kolkata, where he attended Akshar High School Akshar School up to class seven and then later completed his Schooling in Lawrence School, Lovedale Ooty, Tamil Nadu and finally at Delhi Public School, Ruby Park, Kolkata.
After watching Mark Knopfler (of Dire Straits) play Guitar in Dire Strait's 'On the Night' (live show), Aaryan became fascinated with the instrument.
When he turned 14, his father bought him an Indian made 'Hobner' acoustic Guitar.
He Pursued his Graduation in degree from Cardiff Metropolitan University where he came out as a singer in his second year of college performing at various famous pubs and doing open mics when he had the chance.
It was then that he realised he could pursue singing and music professionally.
After coming back to India, Aaryan saw more opportunities in Music and decided to pursue his childhood dream "to be a singer".
He released his first Single (music) " Yaadein" under the banner of music label Zee Music Company starring as the Singer, Actor and Composer of the song.
His first release fetched him 1 million plus views on the YouTube platform under Zee Msic Company label.
Amy Keevy
Amy Keevy (born 13 July 1992) is a South African water polo player, and coach.
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2016 Summer Olympics qualifications, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships,
She coaches for Rangers Water Polo Club.
Parth Bhut
Parth Bhut (born 4 August 1997) is an Indian cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 25 December 2019, for Saurashtra in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
Dieter Gutknecht
Dieter Gutknecht (born in 1942) is a German musicologist and former University music director.
Gutknecht first began his music studies with a focus on performance practice early music, violin and conducting at the State Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln.
Meanwhile he studied musicology, Germanistik and philosophy in Cologne and Vienna.
He passed his state examination in 1968 and his doctorate in 1971.
His research topic was "Investigations on the melodic theory of the Huguenot Psalter", using the computer.
In 1992 Gutknecht habilitated with studies on the history of early music performance practice (1993,1997).
Gutknecht was music director of the University of Cologne.
At the same time he taught as a lecturer at the Musicological Institute of the University of Cologne from 1970 until his retirement in 2008.
Gutknecht published numerous articles on Historically informed performance, ornaments as well as personal articles in "Die Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart]" (MGG), on early music performance practice, on the work of Karlheinz Stockhausen, Morton Feldman, Sofia Gubaidulina, contemporary music and the relationship between music and art/architecture.
He has conducted in France, Holland and Poland, concentrating on the great oratorios of Johann Sebastian Bach and Georg Friedrich Händel.
Zandre Smit
She competed for the South Africa women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships,
2020 ASEAN Club Championship
The 2020 ASEAN Club Championship or the 2020 ACC will be the third edition of the ASEAN Club Championship, an international association football competition between domestic champion clubs sides affiliated with the member associations of the ASEAN Football Federation.
It is the first ACC to commence since 2005.
Twelve clubs will feature in the competition proper.
The final prize money for the winners will be about US$500,000, and the earliest draws for the competition will be held on 4 March 2020.
Clubs from the following 11 football associations are eligible to enter the competition:
The following 12 teams from 9 associations confirmed their participation in the competition.
Malaysia had direct two berths to the group stage but is strongly considering not to enter a team.
Reportedly only the first and second-placed teams in the first-tier domestic league and the winners of the national cup is eligible to enter.
However Brunei's Indera only placed fourth in the 2018–19 Brunei Super League.
Timor Leste also hasn't confirmed participation.
A maximum of four foreigners are allowed per club which follows the Asian Football Confederation's (AFC) '3+1 rule'; three players of any nationality and a fourth coming from an AFC member nation.
A player coming from a AFF member nation will not be considered as a foreign player.
Dušan Vranić
Dušan Vranić, known by his nickname Duco, is a Bosnian musician who is a member of the Darko Rundek's band.
Formerly, he was a member of a Bosnian garage rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje.
Vranić was born and raised in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina.
He is a self-taught musician.
In 1994, Vranić came to France with a pop-rock band Overdream.
Next to him, the band members are Samir Ćeramida, Đani Pervan, Sejo Kovo, and Boris Bačvić.
The band released their only studio album in 1996.
In 1996, Vranić accompanied Sejo Sexon and Elvis J. Kurtović, with whom he restarted band Zabranjeno Pušenje, disbanded in the early 1990s.
He performed on their fifth studio album, "Fildžan viška", which was released in 1997.
American singer-songwriter Michael Stipe hired Vranić and Đani Pervan to make remixes of two songs, "I've Been High" and "Beachball", from R.E.M.
's album "Reveal" (2001).
The two of them did mentioned remixes under pseudonym Chef.
In 2001, Vranić accompanied Darko Rundek with whom he performed on his studio album "Ruke" (2002).
Later, Vranić and Rundek founded Rundek Cargo Orkestar, as well as Rundek Cargo Trio.
Three musicians, Vranić, Rundek, and a Swiss violinist Isabel Catala released two studio albums as Rundek Cargo Trio; "Plavi avion" (2010) and "Mostovi" (2015).
Henan Malik
Henan Malik (born 25 March 1997) is an Indian cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 25 December 2019, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
Saahil Jain
Saahil Jain is an Indian cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 25 December 2019, for Assam in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
1995–96 Georgian Cup
The 1995–96 Georgian Cup (also known as the "David Kipiani Cup") was the fifty-second season overall and sixth since independence of the Georgian annual football tournament.
Bridge of Ha!
Ha!
Lake
The Bridge of Ha!
Ha!
Lake spans the Ha!
Ha!
River since 1934.
It measures long and high.
It would be the only covered bridge in Quebec whose paneling is in corrugated iron.
The bridge was built in 1934.
The covered bridge was cited heritage site with the adjacent rest area by the Municipality of Ferland-et-Boilleau on September 12, 2011.
As of August 1st 2015, this covered bridge is closed to traffic.
The name of Ha!
Ha!
refers to the river and lake of the same name.
The bridge is currently green with white moldings.
It was formerly white with red moldings.
Gelson Singh
Gelson Singh (born 1 February 1994) is an Indian cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 25 December 2019, for Manipur in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
1998–99 West Midlands (Regional) League
The 1998–99 West Midlands (Regional) League season was the 99th in the history of the West Midlands (Regional) League, an English association football competition for semi-professional and amateur teams based in the West Midlands county, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and southern Staffordshire.
The Premier Division featured 15 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with five new clubs.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Vino Zhimomi
Vino Zhimomi (born 11 October 1995) is an Indian cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 25 December 2019, for Nagaland in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
1994–95 Georgian Cup
The 1994–95 Georgian Cup (also known as the "David Kipiani Cup") was the fifty-first season overall and fifth since independence of the Georgian annual football tournament.
Foreign involvement in the Yemeni Civil War
During the Yemeni civil war, Saudi Arabia led an Arab coalition of nine nations from the Middle East and parts of Africa in response to calls from the internationally recognized pro-Saudi president of Yemen Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi for military support after he was ousted by the Houthi movement due to economic and political grievances, and fled to Saudi Arabia.
Nations such as the United Kingdom and the United States support the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen primarily through arms sales and technical assistance.
France had also made recent military sales to Saudi Arabia.
MSF emergency coordinator Karline Kleijer called the US, France and the UK part of the Saudi-led coalition, which imposed the weapons embargo and blocked all ships from entering Yemen with supplies.
Human rights groups have criticized the countries for supplying arms, and accuse the coalition of using cluster munitions, which are banned in most countries.
Oxfam pointed out that Germany, Iran, and Russia have also reportedly sold arms to the conflicting forces.
Tariq Riebl, head of programmes in Yemen for Oxfam, said, "it's difficult to argue that a weapon sold to Saudi Arabia would not in some way be used in Yemen," or "if it's not used in Yemen it enables the country to use other weapons in Yemen."
Amnesty International urged the US and the UK to stop supplying arms to Saudi Arabia and to the Saudi-led coalition.
It called on the international community, including the United States and United Kingdom to stop "providing arms that could be used in the conflict in Yemen".
On August 3, 2019, a United Nations report said the US, UK and France may be complicit in committing war crimes in Yemen by selling weapons and providing support to the Saudi-led coalition which is using the deliberate starvation of civilians as a tactic of warfare.
The coalition accused Iran of militarily and financially supporting the Houthis.
On 9 April US secretary of state John Kerry said there were "obviously supplies that have been coming from Iran", with "a number of flights every single week that have been flying in", and warned Iran to stop its alleged support of the Houthis.
Iran denied these claims.
Anti-Houthi fighters defending Aden claimed they captured two officers in the IranianQuds Force on 11 April, who had purportedly been serving as military advisers to the Houthi militias in the city.
This claim was not repeated.
Iran denied presence of any Iranian military force.
According to Michael Horton, an expert on Yemeni affairs, the notion that the Houthis are an Iranian proxy is "nonsense".
According to the AFP, a confidential report presented to the Security Council's Iran sanctions committee in April 2015 claimed that Iran had been shipping weapons to the Houthi rebels since between 2009 and 2013.
The panel further noted the absence of reports of any weapon shipments since 2013.
On 2 May, Abdollahian said that Tehran would not let regional powers jeopardize its security interests.
According to American officials, Iran discouraged Houthi rebels from taking over the Yemeni capital in late 2014, casting further doubt on claims that the rebels were fighting a proxy war on behalf of Iran.
A spokeswoman for the US National Security Council said that it remained the council's assessment that "Iran does not exert command and control over the Houthis in Yemen."
On 6 May Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, said, "The Americans shamelessly support the killing of the Yemeni population, but they accuse Iran of interfering in that country and of sending weapons when Iran only seeks to provide medical and food aid."
On 26 September 2015, Saudi Arabia alleged that an Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, was intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces.
In May 2019, Houthi militias launched two attacks to two pumping stations managed by Saudi Aramco.
Anas AlHajji, an oil expert, said that such an attack is planned to damage the said pipelines as they replace the Strait of Hormuz's oil passages.
In March 2015, President Barack Obama declared that he had authorized US forces to provide logistical and intelligence support to the Saudis in their military intervention in Yemen, establishing a "Joint Planning Cell" with Saudi Arabia.
This includes aerial refueling permitting coalition aircraft more loitering time over Yemen, and permitting some coalition members to home base aircraft rather than relocate them to Saudi Arabia.
According to press reporting, many in US SOCOM reportedly favor Houthis, as they have been effective at combating al-Qaeda and recently ISIL, "something that hundreds of US drone strikes and large numbers of advisers to Yemen's military had failed to accomplish".
According to a senior CENTCOM commander, "the reason the Saudis didn't inform us of their plans is because they knew we would have told them exactly what we think—that it was a bad idea."
As Yemen expert Michael Horton puts it, the US had been "Iran's air force in Iraq", and "al-Qaeda's air force in Yemen".
According to an Al Jazeera report, one reason for US support may be the diplomatic logic of tamping down SA's opposition to the Iranian nuclear deal by backing them.
Another is the view among some US military commanders that countering Iran took strategic priority over combating Al-Qaeda and ISIL.
On 30 June an HRW report stated that US-made bombs were being used in attacks indiscriminately targeting civilians and violating the laws of war.
The report photographed "the remnants of an MK-83 air-dropped 1,000-pound bomb made in the US".
US Representative Ted Lieu has been publicly raising concerns over US support for Saudi-led war in Yemen.
In March 2016, he sent a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Defense Ash Carter.
He wrote in the letter that the "apparent indiscriminate airstrikes on civilian targets in Yemen seem to suggest that either the coalition is grossly negligent in its targeting or is intentionally targeting innocent civilians".
Following American concern about civilian casualties in the Saudi-led war in Yemen, the US military involvement is mostly ineffective due to coalition's airstrikes targeting civilian and hospitals.
In 2015 the United States deployed The Green Berets to assist the Saudi Arabian military with missile interception.
A March 2016 Human Rights Watch report states that US participation in specific military operations, such as selecting targets and aerial refueling during Saudi air raids "may make US forces jointly responsible for laws-of-war violations by coalition forces".
In September "The Guardian" reported that one in three bombing raids hit civilian sites.
On 13 October 2016, fired Tomahawk missiles at Houthi-controlled radar sites "in the Dhubab district of Taiz province, a remote area overlooking the Bab al-Mandab Straight known for fishing and smuggling."
In 2017 the United States sent a total of $599,099,937 of foreign aid to Yemen despite being a supporter of the Saudi led military intervention.
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis asked President Donald Trump to remove restrictions on US military support for Saudi Arabia.
In February 2017, Mattis wanted to intercept and board an Iranian ship in the Arabian Sea to look for contraband weapons, which would have constituted an "act of war".
In April 2017, Justin Amash, Walter Jones and other members of Congress criticized US involvement in Saudi Arabian military campaign in Yemen, highlighting that Al Qaeda in Yemen "has emerged as a de facto ally of the Saudi-led militaries with whom [Trump] administration aims to partner more closely".
In November 2017, US Senator Chris Murphy accused the United States of complicity in Yemen's humanitarian catastrophe.
In December 2017, the Trump administration urged restraint in the Saudi military action in Yemen, as well as in Qatar and Lebanon.
US bombs used by the coalition have killed Yemeni civilians throughout 2018, including a Lockheed Martin made bomb that struck a school bus in August, killing 51 people.
In the wake of Jamal Khashoggi's murder in October 2018, the US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and the US Secretary of Defense James Mattis have called for a ceasefire in Yemen within 30 days followed by UN-initiated peace talks.
Pompeo has asked Saudi Arabia and the UAE to stop their airstrikes on populated areas in Yemen.
President of the International Rescue Committee David Miliband called the US announcement as "the most significant breakthrough in the war in Yemen for four years".
The US continues its support of the Saudi-led intervention with weapons sales and intelligence sharing.
On 10 November 2018, the US announced it would no longer refuel coalition aircraft operating over Yemen.
On 13 December, the US Senate voted to end US military assistance to Saudi Arabia over alleged war crimes in Yemen.
Following the 56-to-41 vote in the US Senate to invoke the War Powers Resolution and to end US military support to Saudi Arabia, the Pentagon presented a bill of $331 million to Saudis and Emiratis for US' support in the Yemen Civil War.
The bill was split between $36.8 million for fuel and $294.3 million for US flight hours.
The Pentagon stated that Saudi Arabia has not made any payments since the beginning of the war.
In April 2019, Trump vetoed a bipartisan bill which would have ended US support for the Saudi-led military intervention.
With 53 votes instead of the 67 needed, the United States Senate failed to override the veto.
The legal arguments and policies of the Obama administration were cited as justification for the veto.
The US Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Michael Mulroy stated that US support was limited to side-by-side coaching to mitigate civilian casualties and if the measure had passed it would do nothing to help the people of Yemen and may only increase civilian deaths.
Mulroy supported the United Nation's peace talks and he pushed the international community to come together and chart a comprehensive way ahead for Yemen.
Writing in "The Nation", Mohamad Bazzi argued that Mulroy's defence of US support as necessary to limit civilian casualties was false, and that "Saudi leaders and their allies have ignored American entreaties to minimize civilian casualties since the war’s early days".
The UK is one of the largest suppliers of arms to Saudi Arabia, and London immediately expressed strong support for the Saudi-led campaign.
Six months into the bombing, Oxfam said the UK was "quietly fuelling the Yemen conflict and exacerbating one of the world's worst humanitarian crises" by keeping its arms pipeline to Saudi Arabia open; the Campaign Against Arms Trade (CAAT) agreed that "UK arms and UK cooperation have been central to the devastation of Yemen."
In mid-September 2015, the deputy chief executive of Oxfam complained that the government even refused to reveal to Parliament the details of the 37 arms export licences it had granted for sales to Saudi Arabia since March that year.
The attack on Yemen saw sales of UK bombs for 2015 increase from £9m to over £1bn in three months.
Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have shown that UK arms are being used on civilian targets.
Furthermore, the UK government has been repeatedly accused of violating domestic, EU, and international law, in particular the Arms Trade Treaty, by maintaining its flow of weapons to the Kingdom.
Despite this, it was reported in November 2015 that the UK planned a number of high-level visits to Saudi Arabia over the following three to six months with the aim of securing major arms deals.
In January 2016, it emerged that UK military advisors were assisting Saudi personnel in the selection of targets.
On 2 February 2016, the International Development Select Committee finally added its call for the UK to cease exporting arms to Saudi Arabia and to end its opposition to an independent international inquiry into the way the military campaign had been conducted thus far.
The committee's call went unheeded; indeed, just weeks later, on the day the EU held a non-binding vote in favour of an arms embargo on the country because of its destructive bombing of Yemen, Prime Minister David Cameron boasted about the "brilliant" arms, components, and other military technology that the UK would continue to sell to Saudi Arabia, Oman, and other Gulf states.
Angus Robertson, the SNP's Parliamentary Group Leader, said David Cameron should admit to British involvement in Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen: "Isn't it time for the Prime Minister to admit that Britain is effectively taking part in a war in Yemen that is costing thousands of civilians lives and he has not sought parliamentary approval to do this?"
A few months later, leading American security expert Bruce Riedel noted: "If the United States and the United Kingdom, tonight, told King Salman [of Saudi Arabia] 'this war has to end,' it would end tomorrow.
The Royal Saudi Air Force cannot operate without American and British support."
As well as supplying materiel and targeting support for the bombing of Yemen, the UK has assisted the coalition diplomatically.
For example, the UK response, provided by Middle East Minister Tobias Ellwood, to the leaked report of a UN panel in January 2016, which documented more than one hundred instances of coalition air strikes that had violated international law, was to say that the Saudis had made "mistakes" and claim that other cases may have been "fabricated" by the Houthis.
Theresa May succeeded David Cameron as prime minister in July 2016, but maintained her predecessor's policy because, she claimed, close ties with the Saudis "keep people on the streets of Britain safe".
In September 2016, her foreign minister, Boris Johnson, refused to block UK arms sales to Saudi Arabia, saying there remained no clear evidence of breaches of international humanitarian law by Saudi Arabia in the war in Yemen, and that it would be best for Saudi Arabia to investigate itself.
Amid reports from Yemen of famine conditions and "emaciated children [...] fighting for their lives", CAAT observed that the notion of self-investigation would rightly never pass muster if it were proposed for Russia's bombing in support of Assad in Syria.
Indeed, in October 2016, Boris Johnson commended the notion of referring allegations of Russian and Russian-backed war crimes to the International Court of Justice.
The previous month, Johnson had rejected a proposal for the UN Human Rights Council to conduct an inquiry into the war in Yemen.
Furthermore, Britain blocked such an inquiry from taking place.
In October 2016, it emerged that the United Kingdom was continuing to provide instruction to pilots of the Royal Saudi Air Force, both in the UK and in Saudi Arabia.
Andrew Mitchell, the former cabinet minister in David Cameron's government, stated that "Britain is complicit in creating" a famine in Yemen.
On 24 March 2019, The British newspaper "The Mail on Sunday" reported that some British soldiers have been involved in gun battles with, and been wounded by, Houthi fighters.
According to the report at least five members of the SBS have been wounded.
A SBS source told "The Mail", "The guys are fighting in the inhospitable desert and mountainous terrain against highly committed and well-equipped Houthi rebels, The SBS's role is mainly training and mentoring but on occasions, they have found themselves in firefights and some British troops have been shot".
The report also claims that British Special Forces are fighting on the same side as jihadists and militia which use child soldiers.
After the report, The shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry, questioned these allegations in the British parliament suggesting that the British forces may have been witnesses to war crimes, if the allegations were true.
She claimed that as many as 40% of the soldiers in the Saudi coalition were children, a breach of international humanitarian law.
In response, the UK Foreign Office minister Mark Field called the allegations "very serious and well sourced" and promised to get to the bottom of these allegations.
On 25 March 2019 Mark Lancaster told the UK parliament that Britain's Royal Air Force (RAF) was providing "engineering support" and "generic training" to Saudi Arabian military.
According to the Guardian News agency, more than 40 Saudi officers have been trained at prestigious British military colleges since the Saudi intervention in Yemen started.
This officers mostly trained at Sandhurst, the RAF’s school at Cranwell and the Royal Naval College in Dartmouth since 2015.
The MoD refused to state the earned money from the Saudi contracts, because it could influence Britain’s relations with the Saudis.
Abdul-Malik Badreddin, The Houthi leader condemned the UK military cooperation and arms sales to Saudi military.
According to a Sky News analysis, The UK has sold at least £5.7bn worth of arms to the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen since 2015.
Priyanka Motaparthy, senior emergencies researcher at Human Rights Watch, said: “These revelations confirm once again how the UK military is working hand in glove with the Saudis.
France is also a significant arms supplier to Saudi Arabia.
It has supplied over 2 billion dollars including armoured vehicles, air defence systems, and aircraft subsystems.
France has also supplied the UAE with arms, despite the UAE and the militias it backs being implicated in war crimes and other serious violations.
On 22 November 2015, "The New York Times" reported the United Arab Emirates had contracted Academi to deploy 450 Colombian, Panamanian, Salvadoran and Chilean mercenaries to Yemen in October.
On 9 December, Australian media reported an Australian mercenary commander was killed in Yemen alongside six Colombian nationals after Houthi fighters and Saleh army units attacked Saudi-led forces in the country's south-west.
Transformativism
Transformativism refers to the method of making a flexible centrist coalition of government which isolated the extremes of the left and the right in Italian politics after the unification and before the rise of Benito Mussolini and Fascism.
The policy was embraced by Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour and the Historical Right upon Italian unification and carried over into the post-Risorgimento liberal state.
Agostino Depretis, the Prime Minister in 1883 who was a member of the Left continued the process.
He moved to the right and reshuffled his government to include Marco Minghetti's Liberal-Conservatives.
This was a move Depretis had been considering for a while.
The aim was to ensure a stable government that would avoid weakening the institutions by extreme shifts to the left or right and ensuring calm in Italy.
At this time, middle class politicians were concerned more with making deals with one another rather than with political philosophies and principles.
Large coalitions were formed with members being bribed to join them.
The Liberals, the main political group, was tied together by informal gentleman's agreements, but these were always in matters of enriching themselves.
Actual governing did not seem to be happening at all, but limited franchise led to politicians not having to concern themselves with the interests of their constituents.
One of the most successful politicians was Giovanni Giolitti, who succeeded in becoming Prime Minister on five different occasions over twenty years.
Under his influence the Liberals did not develop as a structured party, instead being a series of informal personal groupings with no formal links to political constituencies.
However, "trasformismo" fed into the debates that the Italian parliamentary system was weak and actually failing and it ultimately became associated with corruption.
It was perceived as a sacrifice of principles and policies for short term gain.
The system of "trasformismo" was little loved and seemed to be creating a huge gap between politicians and their constituents.
This system brought almost no advantages, as illiteracy remained the same in 1912 as before the unification era, and backward economic policies combined with poor sanitary conditions continued to prevent the country's rural areas from improving.
Drawing upon Antonio Gramsci's observations of Italian politics and history, Canadian historian Ian McKay has suggested that "trasformismo" has also played an important role in Canadian politics.
The MacDonald–Cartier coalition, the basis of the Conservative Party which dominated Canadian federal politics for most of the latter half of the 19th century and the Liberal Party which had dominated Canadian politics for the 20th century, are portrayed as examples of a Canadian variant of "trasformismo".
In the 1930s, Professor Frank H. Underhill of the University of Toronto also argued that Canada's two major political parties, the Liberals and the Conservatives, had operated in similar ways, advancing the same policies appealing to the same variety of sectional/regional and class interests.
In doing so, Canada had perfected the two-party system and had marginalized liberalism and radicalism.
Underhill argued the result was a pervasive poverty in Canadian political culture.
Not coincidentally, Underhill was centrally involved in the formation of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation, a farmer-labour coalition born during the Great Depression which became Canada's first successful federal third party, the social democratic New Democratic Party.
Kay Heikkinen
Kay Heikkinen is an academic and literary translator.
She earned her PhD at Harvard University and is currently the Ibn Rushd Lecturer of Arabic at the University of Chicago.
Her translations include "Velvet" by Huzama Habayeb, "Clouds over Alexandria" by Ibrahim Abdel Meguid, "The Woman from Tantoura" by Radwa Ashour, "In the Time of Love" by Naguib Mahfouz, and "Ben Barka Lane" by Mahmoud Saeed.
Abdulaziz al Farsi
Abdulaziz Al Farsi is an Omani writer and doctor.
He was born in Shinas in 1976, and trained as a doctor at Sultan Qaboos University.
He is currently an oncologist at the Sultani Hospital in Muscat.
As a writer, he has published several short story collections and novels; his debut novel "Earth Weeps, Saturn Laughs" was translated into English by Nancy Roberts.
Lac des Martres (Lac-Pikauba)
The lac aux Martres is a body of water on the hydrographic side of the rivières des Martres and the Saguenay River via a succession of lakes and ruisseau des Érables.
It is located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Pikauba, in the Charlevoix Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The southern part of Lac aux Martres is served indirectly by the route 381 (north-south direction) which runs along the eastern limit of the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
Several other secondary forest roads serve the lake sector for forestry and recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of Lac aux Martres is usually frozen from the end of November to the beginning of April, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to the end of March.
Lac des Martres is located between the territory of Hautes-Gorges-de-la-Rivière-Malbaie and that of Grands-Jardins National Park.
The main hydrographic slopes neighboring Lac aux Martres are:
Lac aux Martres has a length of in the shape of a boat anchor, a maximum width of , an altitude is and an area of .
Lac aux Martres has a relatively round peninsula with a maximum diameter of and with a mountain peak reaching .
A dam is built at its mouth which is located on the east bank, at:
From the mouth of Lac aux Martres, the current descends the ruisseau des Érables for to the northeast, then the northwest, to "Anse aux Cailles" on the south shore of the Saguenay River; then the current descends to the east the Saguenay River on to Tadoussac where the latter river flows into the Saint Lawrence river.
The toponym “Lac des Martres” is indicated in the “Dictionary of rivers and lakes of the province of Quebec”, by Eugène Rouillard, Department of Lands and Forests, 1914, page 270.
This work indicates that the land surveyor, F Vincent, in 1886, described it as being located in mountainous terrain, surrounded by fir and spruce; it also notes the presence of trout in its waters.
This name evokes the presence of the Canada marten, carnivorous mammal also called fisher, whose fur has long adorned the collars of coats.
The toponym "Lac aux Martres" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
1993–94 Georgian Cup
The 1993–94 Georgian Cup (also known as the "David Kipiani Cup") was the fiftieth season overall and fourth since independence of the Georgian annual football tournament.
Chikkodi-Sadalga (Vidhana Sabha constituency)
Chikkodi-Sadalga (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is one of the 224 constituencies in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly of Karnataka a south state of India.
Chikkodi-Sadalga is also part of Chikkodi Lok Sabha constituency.
Two Assembly seats Chikkodi and Sadalga were merged to form Chikkodi-Sadalga Vidhan Sabha constituency
Dmitry Bukhman
Dmitry Bukhman (born May‌ ‌27,‌ ‌1985‌) is a Russian entrepreneur, billionaire and co-founder of mobile games developer Playrix.
Dmitry Bukhman was born in Vologda, Russia in 1985.
In 2000, while studying applied math at Vologda University, Dmitry Bukhman together with his brother Igor started developing PC games.
In 2004 Dmitry together with his brother founded Playrix.
Playrix has been working in the market of casual PC games until 2009 and produced about 30 games by then.
In 2009 the studio focused on developing free-to-play games for smartphones and tablets.
In 2011 the company moved the headquarters from Vologda to Dublin, Ireland.
In 2013 the first mobile game Township was released.
As of December 2019 the company operates 5 free-to-play mobile games (Township, Fishdom, Gardenscapes, Homescapes, and Wildscapes).
According to AppAnnie analytics, it is one of the Top 5 grossing mobile publishers worldwide.
The company has 1,700 employees and 15 offices.
Dmitry is actively working on merging game studios.As of 2019 eight mobile game developers have already been acquired by Playrix.
Among the biggest acquires and investments are: Serbian Eipix, Ukrainian Zagrava and Belarussian Vizor game studios.
According to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, Dmitry is a billionaire with a net worth estimated at $1.4 billion.
Executive appointments by Donald Trump
The core White House staff appointments, and most Executive Office of the President officials generally, are not required to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate, with a handful of exceptions (e.g., the director of the Office of Management and Budget, the chair and members of the Council of Economic Advisers, and the United States trade representative).
There are about 4,000 positions in the Executive Office of the President.
Denotes appointees serving in offices that did not require Senate confirmation.
List of number-one hits of 2020 (Switzerland)
This is a list of the Swiss Hitparade number ones of 2020.
Escuro River (Minas Gerais)
The Escuro River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
List of number-one hits of 2020 (Denmark)
Tracklisten is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles and tracks in Denmark.
Its data, published by IFPI Denmark and compiled by Nielsen Music Control, is based collectively on each single's weekly digital sales.
List of number-one albums from the 2020s (Denmark)
The Danish Albums Chart is a list of albums ranked by physical and digital sales in Denmark.
It is compiled by Nielsen Music Control in association with the Danish branch of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI), and the new number-one album is announced every Thursday at midnight on the official Danish music charts website.
The following are the albums which reached number one in Denmark during the 2020s.
Escuro River
There are several rivers named Escuro River or Rio Escuro (Portuguese for "dark river").
Source (programming language)
Source is a family of sublanguages of JavaScript, developed for the textbook Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs, JavaScript Adaptation (SICP JS).
The JavaScript sublanguages Source §1, Source §2, Source §3 and Source §4 are designed to be just powerful enough to support all examples of the respective chapter of the textbook.
During the development of SICP JS, starting in 2008, it became clear that purpose-designed sublanguages of JavaScript would contribute to the learning experience.
Initially called "JediScript" and inspired by , Douglas Crockford, the Source sublanguages follow the chapters of SICP JS; each language Source §x is a sublanguage of the next language Source §(x+1).
Source §1 is a very small purely functional sublanguage of JavaScript, designed for Chapter 1 of SICP JS.
Source §2 adds pairs and a list library, following the data structures theme of Chapter 2.
Source §3 adds state-full constructs, and Source §4 adds support for meta-circular evaluation.
Chapter 5 of SICP JS does not require language support beyond Source §4.
All Source languages are properly tail recursive, as required by Chapter 1 of SICP and as specified by ECMAScript 2016.
Since the Safari browser is ECMAScript 2016 compliant, including proper tail calls, it can serve as an implementation of all Source languages, provided that the necessary libraries are loaded.
The Source Academy is a web-based programming environment that implements all Source languages, regardless of browser support for proper tail calls, and features various tools for the readers of SICP JS.
The language implementation in the Source Academy is an open-source project.
Tourism in Niger
There is relatively limited tourism in Niger.
Most of the tourism industry is in the north, where the city of Agadez allows access to the desert.
Other places that see tourism are the capital city, Niamey, areas around the Niger River, and reserves such as Kouré which is known for West African giraffes.
Tourism in Northern Niger started to develop in the 1970s.
Tourism dropped during the Tuareg rebellion in the early 90s.
There has recently been travel warnings to the Niger because of terrorism as a result of the insurgency in the Sahel.
Condução coercitiva
Condução coercitiva is a compulsory method of bringing subjects of a judicial process, victims, witnesses, accused parties, or expert subjects into the presence of law enforcement or judicial authorities against their wishes.
This is a measure provided for in the Penal Code of Brazil (CPP) as a means of compelling the appearance of a person to attend an action to which he was summoned, but who failed to do so without justification.
According to some jurists, this is a form of short-term "precautionary detention" () whose purpose is to ensure the convenience of the production of proof.
If equated with precautionary detention, is contrary to the Brazilian Constitution of 1988 Article 5, paragraph LXI, even though the procedure is in the Penal Code of Brazil, instituted in 1941.
The CPP authorizes the enforcement of the of victims, witnesses, defendants, and experts who refuse to appear in court, and who may even be handcuffed and brought by police vehicle.
Article 218 of the CPP refers to the requirement of prior summons ().
Thus, some argue that even with the justification of providing clarification to the police investigation and even in the interests of justice, the warrant without a summons violates the right to liberty of witnesses and defendants.
According to this line of thinking, the only ones who can be compelled to appear by a are those witnesses who were appropriately summoned beforehand and who fail to attend the act to which they were summoned, without valid cause, may be compelled to appear via a warrant.
There is some controversy concerning the exact legal foundation and even constitutionality of the warrant.
From a legal perspective, it is not the same as an arrest warrant.
Fuad al-Kibsi
Fuad al-Kibsi () is a Yemeni singer.
He is among the most popular singers and musicians in Yemen.
Most of his music are of ancient scholarly and oral traditions of Yemen.
He is son of the famous Yemeni poet, Abdallah Hashim al-Kibsi.
al-Kibsi was born in 1961 in Sanaa.
He learned music from his father and he was influenced by famous Yemeni singers like al-Sunaidar, al-Anisi and al-Harithi.
He studied commerce in Sana'a university and he also studied Quranic studies and Arabic syntax and morphology.
Mameshiba no Taigun
Mameshiba no Taigun was formed on December 18, 2019, through the final of TBS's reality survival show "Monster Idol".
While Hanae, Nao, Aika and Miyuki were contestants on the show, Hanae was also a member of WACK's trainee goup Wagg.
A fifth member, Kaede, who was also a contestant on the show, was added to the group's line-up on December 25.
On January 1, 2020 the members stage names were revealed.
List of Oricon number-one singles of 2020
The following is a list of Oricon number-one singles of 2020.
List of Oricon number-one albums of 2020
The following is a list of Oricon number-one albums of 2020.
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 2020 (Japan)
The following is a list of number-one singles on the "Billboard" Japan Hot 100 chart in 2020.
1997–98 West Midlands (Regional) League
The 1997–98 West Midlands (Regional) League season was the 98th in the history of the West Midlands (Regional) League, an English association football competition for semi-professional and amateur teams based in the West Midlands county, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and southern Staffordshire.
The Premier Division featured 16 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with two new clubs, promoted from Division One South:
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Liga IV Arad
Liga IV Arad is the county football division of Liga IV for clubs based in Arad County, România.
The competition is ranked as the fourth tier of the Romanian football league system and it is competed between 12 teams, the winner may or may not be promoted to Liga III, depending of the result of a promotion play-off that is disputed against a winner of the neighboring counties series.
In 1968, along with the territorial reorganization of the country, but also due to the large number of requests, the Romanian Football Federation proposes a competitive system in which each county has its own football championship, which will activate the former teams in the regional championship as well as the racing and town championship teams from the previous edition.
The champions of each county association play one another in a play-off to promote to the Liga III.
Geographical criteria are taken into consideration when the play-offs are drawn.
In total there are 41 county champions plus the Bucharest municipal champion.
Table tennis at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games
The Table Tennis at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games was held between 30 May to 5 June at HDB Club, Toa Payoh.
Gerling (surname)
Gerling is a German language surname.
Such as the related Gehrig, Gehring, Gering and Gehr it belongs to the group of family names derived from given names – in this case from any of several compound names of Germanic origin with the beginning element "ger" (e. g. Gerhardt, Gerhold, Gerald, Gerwin, Gerd or Gernot) – and may refer to:
Pilatus Bank
Pilatus is a bank in Ta’ Xbiex, Malta.
The Bank is accused of laundering funds from allegedly corrupt schemes on behalf of offshore companies and individuals, assisting corruption and other criminal activities, shown also in te Panama Papers.
The bank has been at the centre of political-criminal scandal and plays a central role in the political crises up from 2019.
Pilatus Bank is Maltese-based bank and started its operations in January 2014.
Its owner is the Iran-born Seyed Ali Sadr Hasheminejad, known as Ali Sadr.
The Bank is accused, by the reporter Daphne Caruana Galizia and up from 2019 the Maltese Authorities, of laundering funds from allegedly corrupt schemes on behalf of offshore companies and individuals.
The release of the Panama Papers also revealed that the Bank facilitated suspicious transactions from Panama in the name of politically exposed persons.
Ali Sadr got arrested in the US in February 2018.
He is suspected in laundaring money and having evaded the US-sanctions against Iran.
Haschemi Nedschad is charged in a New York district court is committing bank fraud, by funnelling over $115 million in payments for a Venezuelan housing complex through the US financial system for the benefit of his Iranian family’s companies.
On the November the 4th the European Central Bank (ECB) subduct the bank licence of Pilatus bank.
This action was recommended by the legal finace surveillance of Malta.
Gehr
Gehr is a German language surname.
Such as the related Gehrig, Gehring, Gering and Gerling it belongs to the group of family names derived from given names – in this case from any of several compound names of Germanic origin with the beginning element "ger" (e. g. Gerhardt, Gerhold, Gerald, Gerwin, Gerd or Gernot) – and may refer to:
Abu Nafisa fort
Abu Nafisa fort is a ruin located on the left bank of the Nile, in Khartoum Province (Sudan).
Geographic coordinates of the site, in the EPSG 3857 are 16° 0'50.11" N, 32° 33'14.47" E. Fort was built by the rulers of Alwa.
The enclosure in quadrilateral in layout with internal dimensions measuring 83x78 meters.
In three corners in 2018, traces of bastions have survived.
In the fourth corner, south-eastern, there was a much younger oval tomb of Sheikh Abu Nafisa, dated to the last centuries of the Funj Sultanate (18th-19th century).
The name of the site comes from this individual
The fort was built in the 2nd half of the 6th century AD and was used for a short period.
At the same time, a similar fort Hosh el-Kab was built 500 meters from Abu Nafisa.
Fort Abu Nafisa, unlike Hosh el-Kab, was erected too close to the river, so the high floods that occasionally occur have been damaging the architecture.
Currently, areas surrounding Abu Nafisa fort are cultivated and every now and then they are flooded.
The last flooding of the Nile, which reached the walls of the fort, took place in April 2019.
Satellite imagery from Google Earth shows the site being periodically underwater.
The Call of Courage
The Call of Courage is a 1925 American Western film directed by Clifford Smith and written by Harold Shumate.
The film stars Art Acord, Olive Hasbrouck, Duke R. Lee, Frank Rice, John T. Prince and Turner Savage.
The film was released on December 22, 1925, by Universal Pictures.
Antímano station
Antímano is a Caracas Metro station on Line 2.
It was opened on 4 October 1987 as part of the inaugural section of Line 2 from La Paz to Las Adjuntas and Zoológico.
The station is between Carapita and Mamera.
Department of Military Affairs
Department of Military Affairs (DMA) is the department in charge of military matters within the Ministry of Defence.
Headed by the Chief of Defence Staff, as its "ex-officio" secretary, the DMA provides integration between the armed forces of the Union and the Ministry of Defence.
Consisting of military and civilian officers, the DMA will promote jointness in various areas such as procurement, training and staffing.
The DMA will deal with the headquarters of three armed forces, the tri-service Integrated Defence Staff (IDS), Army, Naval, Air and Defence Staff Headquarters, the Territorial Army and certain procurement requirements.
DMA will also deal with promoting jointness through joint planning, facilitate restructuring for optimal utilisation of resources and promote the use of indigenous equipment by the Services.
The DMA, being under the Chief of Defence Staff will also deal with the role and responsibilities assigned to the chief.
The department comes under the Ministry of Defence and is headed by the Chief of Defence Staff, who acts as its "ex-officio" secretary.
In addition to the Chief of Defence Staff, the department comprises two joint secretaries, thirteen deputy secretaries, and twenty-five under-secretaries.
Berthold Warnecke
Berthold Warnecke (born 15 February 1971) is a German dramaturge and Opera director in Würzburg.
Born in Münster, Warnecke studied musicology, Germanistic and Romance studies at the University of Münster and the Scuola di Paleografia e Filologia Musicale in Cremona.
He received his doctorate in 1999.
Already in 1998 he was engaged as personal advisor to the General Music Director Will Humburg and as Music Dramaturge at the Theater Münster and the Münster Symphony Orchestra (until 2007).
From 2005 to 2007 he was a lecturer at the Musicology Seminar of the WWU-Münster.
Since 2013 he has held a teaching position at the Communication Science Seminar of the University of Erfurt, where he has been a music dramaturgist in the ensemble of the Theater Erfurt since 2007.
Warnecke worked with the stage directors Marc Adam, Matthew Ferraro, Lorenzo Fioroni, Rosamund Gilmore, Jean-Louis Grinda, Michael Hampe, , Dominique Horwitz, Stephen Lawless, , and Pamela Recinella, Werner Schneyder, Katharina Thalbach and Katharina Wagner.
Since the 2016/2017 season, Warnecke has been working as opera director at the Mainfranken Theater Würzburg.
1992–93 Georgian Cup
The 1992–93 Georgian Cup (also known as the "David Kipiani Cup") was the forty-ninth season overall and third since independence of the Georgian annual football tournament.
Dan-Ola Eriksson
Dan-Ola Eriksson (born September 12, 1963) is a Swedish curler.
He participated in the demonstration curling events at the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics, where the Swedish team finished in fifth place both times.
2019–20 Egyptian Super Cup
The 2019–20 Egyptian Super Cup (also known as the 2019–20 SAIB Egyptian Super Cup for sponsorship reasons) will be the 17th Egyptian Super Cup, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Egyptian Premier League and Egypt Cup.
It will be played at the Mohammed bin Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on 20 February 2020, contested by Al Ahly and Zamalek.
In the 2018–19 Egyptian Premier League, Al Ahly and Zamalek were joined by Pyramids in title race throughout the season.
Pyramids managed to grab 10 points out of 12 possible from their matches against Al Ahly and Zamalek and were leading the table by Matchday 29.
However, after winning only 1 match and drawing 4 in their last 5 matches of the season, Pyramids missed their chance to win the league and to qualify for the CAF Champions League as they finished the league in 3rd place.
Al Ahly eventually won the league for the 41st time in their history with 1 game to spare following their 3–1 win against Al Mokawloon Al Arab.
Zamalek won the 2018–19 Egypt Cup after defeating Pyramids 3–0 in the final, winning the title for the 27th time in their history.
Identical to the previous editions of the competition, the Egyptian Football Association were heavily criticized for the draw procedure where the cup defending champions and the league winners were placed in different paths to make sure that they could face each other only in the final.
During the 2018–19 season, both teams met each other in the league two times and once in the Egyptian Super Cup.
The first encounter was played on 30 March 2019 at Borg El Arab Stadium and ended goalless.
Al Ahly won the second encounter 1–0 which was played on 28 July 2019 at the same stadium thanks to Ali Maâloul's second-half strike.
The third encounter was the previous season's super cup, which was played on 20 September 2019 and also at Borg El Arab Stadium.
Al Ahly won the match 3–2 with two goals from Junior Ajayi and one from Hussein El Shahat, while Mahmoud Alaa scored a brace of penalties for Zamalek.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
1928 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1928 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 40th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
University College Cork entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 14 October 1928, University College Cork won the championship following a 1-06 to 0-02 defeat of Duhallow United in the final at The Mardyke.
This was their third championship title overall and their second title in succession.
The Hand of Destiny
The Hand of Destiny is a short story C.S.
Forester wrote about his most popular character, Horatio Hornblower, written in 1940, and published in "Collier's magazine".
Sanford Sternlicht, author of "C. S. Forester and the Hornblower Saga" notes the story has multiple inconsistencies with later stories.
He also notes elements of the story that Forester re-used, in later stories.
In the story Hornblower is 20 years old, and has just been promoted to Lieutenant.
Sternlicht places the story in late 1796.
Forester has Hornblower recently transferred from serving under Edward Pellew, the genuine naval hero who is Hornblower's first mentor.
But Sternlicht notes that in "Mr Midshipman Hornblower" Hornblower serves under Pellew until 1797.
"The Hand of Destiny" has Hornblower serving on board the fictional HMS "Marguerite", under despotic Captain Courtney.
In the short story Hornblower is shocked by Courtney's cruelty.
Courtney has goaded some of his men to revolt.
Hornblower is assigned to negotiate with the rebellious sailors.
Courtney is careless in the instructions he gives Hornblower, and is very angry with him when Hornblower promises them Courtney will not retaliate against them.
Courtney plans to brutally punish the men without regard to Hornblower's assurances to them.
A battle forces a delay in Courtney's plans.
Hornblower leads the rebellious sailors in boarding the hostile Spanish warship, the "Castilla".
Courtney is pleased with Hornblower, and assigns him the task of sailing the captured vessel to port.
Hornblower seizes the opportunity that, instead of punishing the alleged mutineers he assign them to serve as his prize crew.
Sternlicht notes that Forester re-used the premise of Hornblower angering a senior officer whose instructions gave him the leeway to be lenient with mutineers.
Forester wrote the Hornblower stories out of order.
"Beat to Quarters", set in 1810, the first Hornblower novel, takes place relatively late in his career.
In Chapter IX Hornblower dons his dress uniform, when preparing to meet an important person.
His preparation includes strapping on his dress sword, ""(a sword of the value of fifty guineas, the gift of the Patriotic Fund for Lieutenant Hornblower's part in the capture of the Castilla six years ago)"".
In Chapter XIII Hornblower is embarrassed when Lady Barbara admires his hands, which he thinks are ugly.
In particular he is embarrassed by an ""ingrained powder stain"" on his left hand, dating to his leading the boarding party that captured the "Castilla".
Forester's second and third novels, "A Ship of the Line", and "Flying Colours" also refer to the sword he was awarded for his role in the capture of the "Castilla".
In the fifth novel, "Lord Hornblower", an older Hornblower reminds himself that he remains the brave officer who lead the boarding of the "Castilla".
Sternlicht notes that the eighth novel Forester wrote, "HMS "Atropos", set in 1805-1806, contains a completely different account of the capture of the "Castilla".
In that novel Hornblower is a junior Post-Captain, and the capture occurs off the coast of Turkey.
Robert Salisbury (educationalist)
Sir Robert Salisbury is an educationalist, and a "leading expert" on education funding.
He has an international reputation for his ideas on leadership styles and staff motivation.
He is most noted for transforming a failing secondary school in a pit village in Nottinghamshire into a "beacon of success" at the heart of its community, winning a number of awards and attracting a stream of famous visitors.
Until 2001, he was a Professor in the School of Education at Nottingham University.
Before that he was head teacher at The Garibaldi School in Forest Town, Mansfield, Notts.
When he was appointed head teacher there in 1989, the school had a poor reputation and unmotivated staff.
His five-year plan turned the school round, and by 1993 Salisbury had become recognised as a successful entrepreneur.
In 1998, Salisbury was knighted for his work in Education.
In 2011 he led an enquiry into numeracy and literacy at schools in Northern Ireland.
In 2013, he reviewed the funding of schools in Northern Ireland for the Northern Ireland department for education.
His review claimed that there was "a long rump of under-achievement in Northern Ireland", and that "Northern Ireland has too many small schools and too many types of school which can no longer be funded".
In or before 2015, he was asked to review further education colleges.
In 2019, he was criticised by the DUP MP Ian Paisley for "dismissing a significant number of high-achieving young adults in Northern Ireland", when he described some of the top schools in Northern Ireland as "Exam factories".
Robert Salisbury was born in Newton Drive Stapleford and moved to Warren Ave when aged eleven.
He and his wife Rosemary now live in County Tyrone, where they have spent 15 years converting 17 acres of barren fields into a wildlife refuge.
Abraham Munting
Abraham Munting (19 June 1626 Groningen - 31 January 1683 Groningen) was a Dutch botanist and botanical artist, the son of (1583-1658).
He studied under his father and at the universities of Franeker, Utrecht and Leiden, also spending two years in France where he obtained an M.D.
degree in Angers.
Returning to Groningen in 1651, he joined the staff at the Rijkshogeschool Groningen, which eventually became the University of Groningen.
Here he taught for 24 years as professor of botany and chemistry.
On his father's death he assumed management of the "Hortus Botanicus Groninganus", from 1658 to 1683.
His botanist friends sent him seeds from the Dutch East- and West Indies, Africa and the Americas.
His daughter, Hester, died after eating Deadly Nightshade from the Garden.
Munting subsequently developed a particular interest in the medicinal uses of plants.
Munting's best known work "Naauwkeurige Beschryving Der Aardgewassen" (1696), was published after his death and is an improved version of earlier editions of "Waare Oeffening der Planten".
The work enjoyed popularity, partly because of its departure from traditional botanical illustration, in that plant species were depicted against a background of classic or pastoral landscapes, often floating in midair with little regard for perspective and relative sizes.
Illustrated were trees, shrubs, flowers, and grasses of temperate zones, with some tropical and subtropical plants that had been introduced to the Netherlands.
Albrecht von Haller (1708-1777) criticised some of the plates as being of suspicious authenticity.
In 1702 the work was translated into Latin by Franz Kiggelaer.
After his death in 1683 his son Albert Munting took over the running of the Garden.
The genus "Muntingia" (1753) was named by Linnaeus in honour of Munting.
1960 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1960 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 72nd staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
St. Finbarr's entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 23 October 1960, University College Cork won the championship following a 1-07 to 0-09 defeat of Avondhu in the final.
This was their fourth championship title overall and their first title since 1928.
Andalusian Unity
Andalusian Unity (, UA) was a political party launched in December 1980 by former minister Manuel Clavero as a split from the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) over disagreement with UCD's autonomic policy on the 1980 Andalusian autonomy initiative referendum.
The party was officially registered on 22 January 1981.
Clavero was the party's president, whereas Manuel Otero Luna was elected as secretary general.
An electoral coalition with the conservative People's Alliance (AP) was considered ahead of the 1982 Andalusian regional election, but in the end it was rejected and the party chose not to contest the election out of a lack of campaign funding.
It also unsuccessfully probed a coalition with Adolfo Suárez's Democratic and Social Centre (CDS) ahead of the 1982 Spanish general election.
In the end, the party was dissolved on 27 November 1982 over a lack of political and economical viability.
Mosquito River (Pardo River)
The Mosquito River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
It is a tributary of the Pardo River.
Overpeck Cutoff
The Overpeck Cutoff is a railroad line is currently owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. State of Ohio.
The line runs from Overpeck Junction in Overpeck, Ohio to HM Junction in Woodsdale, Ohio.
This forms a wye diverging off the Toledo Subdivision in Overpeck, Ohio at Overpeck Junction and meeting the Middletown Subdivision at HM Junction.
The Former B&O branch from New Miami, Ohio to Middletown, Ohio was built for the express purpose of serving the massive steel mill belonging to the American Rolling Mills (ARMCO), now owned by AK Steel.
CSX Transportation still uses this line daily as it's Middletown Subdivision of the Louisville Division.
The B&O itself merged with the C&O in 1987, which itself became part of CSX Transportation in that year.
Brian Tonna
Brian Tonna is a Maltese businessmann and private accountant.
He is suspected of illegal money transfers and part of the political crises up from 2019 in Malta.
Brian Tonna ran "Brian Tonna & Co.", described by the project managing tool "timesheet express" as a "medium sized accounting and audit firm based in Malta with their primary objective of satisfying clients needs in a professional and cost effective manner."
The company was member of Nexia International, a worldwide network of independent auditors, business advisers and consultants.
"Brian Tonna’s clients can access international expertise in a broad range of accounting and tax specialists in countries around the world."
In May 2013 Tonna created a Maltese subsidiary of Mossack Fonseca, "Nexia BT".
Brian Tonna has known businessman and öater Muscat chef of staff Keith Schembri as a personal friend and client in 2019 for 20 years, according to a written declaration made by Tonna and seen by Reuters.
After Joseph Muscat won the Maltese election in 2013, Tonna, like Keith Schembri and others became inoffical part of his office team.
Die Zeit called him "a kind of chief accountant" in the system of legal and illegal business involment of politicians.
Tonna was officially hired as an adviser to Owen Bonnici, the than minister for justice in Malta.
The work was in addition to previously disclosed business contracts, worth more than 800.000 Euros, awarded by other government ministries to NexiaBT.
Brian Tonna held the consultancy full-time from August 2014 to August 2016, and part-time from then until August 31, 2017, contracts, obtained from a Freedom of Information request.
Reuters wrote, Tonnas pay of about 55.000 Euros annually plus expenses was almost as high as that of the prime minister of Malta.
Ten days after Muscats election in 2013 Tonna founded via Mossack Fonseca in Panama the "Willerby Trade Inc.." In July 2013 employees of Tonna created at least three letterbox firms in Panama: "Tillgate Inc." owned by prime minister's chief of staff Keith Schembri, Hearnville Inc. owned by Energy-minister Konrad Mizzi and "Egrant Inc.".
In April 2017 journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia wrote that shares in Egrant Inc. were held by Mossack Fonseca nominees for Michelle Muscat, the wife of Joseph Muscat.
In May 2017, Maltese authorities launched a judicial investigation into payments totalling 100,000 Euros made by Tonna to Schembri at a private bank.
The investigation was launched after Malta's anti-money laundering agency Financial Intelligence and Analysis Unit (FIAU), said in a report that the payments gave rise to "reasonable suspicion of money laundering."
Both Tonna and Schembri have denied any wrongdoing and said the 100,000 Euros were repayment of a personal loan.
In 2019 FIAU was still investigating the case.
In November 2017, PM Muscat came under political pressure from opposition, after details of "17 Black", an obscure company based in Dubai and owned by Yorgen Fenech got puplic.
That company, according to an email from Tonnas "NexiaBT", planned to pay up to 2 million Euros to the Panama-based companies "Tillgate Inc." and "Hearnville Inc." from Mizzi and Schembri.
1955 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1955 Cork Senior Football Championship was the 67th staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
St. Nicholas' entered the championship as the defending champions.
On 23 October 1955, Lees won the championship following a 3-04 to 0-09 defeat of Macroom in the final at the Cork Athletic Grounds.
This was their 12th and final championship title overall and their first title since 1923.
Wolfgang Friedrich Gess
Wolfgang Friedrich Gess (also spelled Geß) (* 27 July 1819 in Kirchheim unter Teck; † 1 June 1891 in Wernigerode) was a German Lutheran theologian.
Gess was a teacher of theology in Basel from 1850 to 1864.
After that, he became Professor of Systematic Theology in Göttingen, and frpom 1871 in Breslau.
In 1879 he succeeded the deceased General Superintendent in Posen, Friedrich Cranz (1809–1878).
Gess entered upon his duties in April 1880 and as general superintendent of the Old Prussian, he headed the Church province of Posen until 1884.
He was succeeded by Johannes Hesekiel, and settled down in Wernigerode.
The historian Felician Gess (1861–1938) was his son.
Gess is known as the main representative of Kenosis.
His main work was "The Scripture Doctrine of the Person of Christ."
(1878–1887).
Rejecting the Chalcedonian Definition, he sees Christ's incarnation as a transition from the state of being "self-positing" to the state of "being posited".
At conception, Logos was united with the body of Jesus, instead of God creating a human soul, as he does with other men.
The Logos reduced himself to what was compatible with existence as a human soul.
Controversially, Gess thinks that the humanity of Jesus required him to allow his self-consciousness to be extinguished at birth, only to begin to flash through at a certain stage of his physical maturity, and then developing with the goal of sanctification, which is achieved step by step in the choices he freely makes.
Furthermore, Gess argues that a change took place in the Trinity for the duration of the incarnate Logos' earthly life.
The Son no longer proceeds from the Father, and the Spirit proceeds from the Father alone, rather than from the Father and the Son.
1891 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1891 Cork Senior Football Championship was the fifth staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Clondrohid won the championship following a 3-05 to 0-02 defeat of Nils in the final.
This was their first ever championship title.
Metromare
Metromare is a bus rapid transit line connecting Rimini central station and the nearby seaside resort of Riccione.
It opened November 23, 2019.
1892 Cork Senior Football Championship
The 1892 Cork Senior Football Championship was the sixth staging of the Cork Senior Football Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1887.
Clondrohid won the championship following a 1-04 to 0-01 defeat of Kilmurry in the final.
This was their second championship title in succession and their second title overall.
It remains their last championship success.
1991–92 Georgian Cup
The 1991–92 Georgian Cup (also known as the "David Kipiani Cup") was the forty-eighth season overall and second since independence of the Georgian annual football tournament.
List of number-one hits of 2020 (Germany)
The GfK Entertainment Charts are record charts compiled by GfK Entertainment on behalf of the German record industry.
They include the "Single Top 100" and the "Album Top 100" chart.
The chart week runs from Friday to Thursday, and the chart compilations are published on Tuesday for the record industry.
The entire top 100 singles and top 100 albums are officially released the following Friday by GfK Entertainment.
The charts are based on sales of physical singles and albums from retail outlets as well as permanent music downloads.
1996–97 West Midlands (Regional) League
The 1996–97 West Midlands (Regional) League season was the 97th in the history of the West Midlands (Regional) League, an English association football competition for semi-professional and amateur teams based in the West Midlands county, Shropshire, Herefordshire, Worcestershire and southern Staffordshire.
The Premier Division featured 17 clubs which competed in the division last season, along with one new club:
Also, Darlaston changed name to Darlaston Town.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Randhir Kumar Singh
Randhir Kumar Singh is an Indian politician.
He was elected to the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly from Sarath in the 2019 Jharkhand Legislative Assembly election as a member of Bharatiya Janata Party.
1928 United States presidential election in North Dakota
The 1928 United States presidential election in North Dakota took place on November 4, 1924, as part of the 1928 United States presidential election which was held throughout all contemporary 48 states.
Voters chose five representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
North Dakota voted for the Republican nominee, Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover, over the Democratic nominee, Governor of New York Al Smith.
Hoover ran with Senate Majority Leader Charles Curtis of Kansas, whilst Smith ran with Senate Minority Leader Joseph T. Robinson of Arkansas.
Although Hoover carried the state, Smith – aided by La Follette’s family’s endorsement of him after La Follette died and North Dakota’s predominantly German Catholic and Lutheran culture – made a massive advance upon James M. Cox’ and John W. Davis’ performances earlier in the decade.
Whereas North Dakota had been Cox’ and Davis’ second-weakest state in 1920 and 1924, it voted 7.07 points more Democratic than the nation at-large in [1928.
In some counties that were largely Lutheran, Smith still made tremendous gains because of his opposition to Prohibition, which was repealed concurrently with this election at a statewide level in North Dakota.
This allowed Smith to be the first Democrat to carry McIntosh County – which had been the nation’s most Republican county in 1920 and where no Democrat had previously gained over 22% of the vote – Logan County, Mercer County, Morton County and Sioux County.
Onward for Future 4.0
The Forward for Future 4.0 (Korean: 미래를 향한 전진 4.0) is a South Korean political organisation intends to be an official political party.
The Forward for Future 4.0 was founded by its President, Lee Un-ju, a former MP of the Bareunmirae Party who was dissatisfied with the leadership of Sohn Hak-kyu.
The party had a pre-inauguration ceremony on 1 December 2019, and announced its flag and logo on 23 December.
They announced 44 members including leadership figures, such as Park Hwee-rak (Chief Deputy President), Song Geun-john (Deputy President), Park Ju-won (Secretary-General), Lee Jong-hyuk (General Chairman of the Organising Committee), and Kim Won-sung (Chairman of the Strategic Planning Committee).
They also recruited 86 members — 14 for entrepreneurship, economy, labour and renovation, 7 for security and industrial security, 51 for youth startup, and 14 for youth student councils.
On 19 January 2020, the party was officially established.
The party describes themselves as centre-right, seeks youth politics and supports freedom and democracy.
The name, "Onward", was inspired from the "La République En Marche!"
of France.
The party is also strongly anti-communist.
Park Hwee-rak, the Chief Deputy President called the ruling Democratic Party of Korea as "left-wing party who communise the Republic".
It would like to end populist welfare policy while seeking public and labour reform.
The party added "4.0" into its name, which means:
Tactical and Logistic Support Regiment (Italy)
The Tactical and Logistic Support Regiment () is a military logistics regiment of the Italian Army based in Solbiate Olona in Lombardy.
The regiment is operationally assigned to the NRDC-ITA Support Brigade and provides the necessary logistics and security assets for the NATO Rapid Deployable Corps – Italy to operate.
The regiment was formed on 16 Juni 2002 and on 27 October 2006 received the war flag, traditions and coat of arms of the 33rd Maneuver Logistic Regiment "Ambrosiano".
The Regimental Command consists of the Commandant's and Personnel Office, the Operations, Training and Information Office, the Logistic Office, and the Administration Office.
The Command and Logistic Support Company fields the following platoons: C3 Platoon, Transport and Materiel Platoon, Medical Platoon, and Commissariat Platoon.
Prunus × mohacsyana
Prunus" × "mohacsyana (or "Prunus mohacsyana") is a hybrid species of cherry.
It is a naturally occurring offspring of dwarf cherry, "Prunus fruticosa", and introduced sweet cherry, "Prunus avium", found where their ranges overlap in Central Europe.
Since they are triploid, they are probably sterile.
It was first formally described in 1944 by Zoltán Kárpáti.
List of web awards
This list of web awards is an index to articles on notable awards related to the internet.
Hans-Joachim Hinrichsen
Hans-Joachim Hinrichsen (born 21 August 1952) has been holding the chair for musicology at the University of Zurich since 1999.
Born in Westerland on Sylt, Hinrichsen studied Germanistic and History at the Free University of Berlin.
The completion of the Staatsexamen (1980) was followed by a teaching phase at Gymnasium.
Subsequently, he studied musicology at the FU Berlin, which he completed with a PhD in 1992.
From 1989 to 1994 he was a research assistant at the Musicological Institute of the F.U Berlin.
In 1998, he gained his habilitation with a dissertation about " Musikalische Interpretation als kulturelle Praxis.
Hans von Bülow und die ästhetische Konstruktion der deutschen Musik".
Since 1999 Hinrichsen has been professor of musicology at the University of Zurich.
In 2008 he was elected member of the Academia Europaea.
Hinrichsen is co-editor of the Archiv für Musikwissenschaft and "Schubert: Perspektiven" at Franz Steiner Verlag.
In addition, he was president of the Allgemeine Musik-Gesellschaft Zürich (AMG) from 2001 until 2007 and, to the present day, the International Bach Society Schaffhausen (IBG).
His research interests include Johann Sebastian Bach and Franz Schubert as well as music analytical studies.
Al-Shohada Stadium
Al-Shohada International Stadium () is the most modern football stadium and the first ever stadium solar power plant in the city of Baghdad and the middle-Euphrates area.
It can accommodate more than 32 thousand spectators and construction work was completed on December 18, 2019.
Al-Shohada International Stadium's construction started in 2 July 2012 and the construction was at an overall cost of $100,000,000 funded by the government of Iraq.
It is a grass surfaced football (soccer) arena with a total area of 30,000m.
It can seat up to 32,000 spectators and has other sports-related facilities.
It was designed and built by Nurol Construction.
It is owned by the Federal government of Iraq and is home to Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya.
It will be inaugurated in early 2020.
The stadium has changed its name three times.
It was called "Al Sadr City Stadium" but the Ministry of Youth and Sports decided in 2017 to name it "Al Habibya Stadium" in reference to the stadium's location.
Finally, in early December 2019, the name "Al-Shohada Stadium" was definitively chosen as a tribute to the martyrs of the Tishreen Revolution.
Edward Sinclair (cricketer)
Edward Wortley Sinclair (4 January 1889 – 22 December 1966) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Navy officer.
Born at Paddington in January 1889, Sinclair was commissioned into the Royal Navy as a sub-lieutenant in March 1908.
He was promoted to lieutenant in September 1909.
Sinclair made his debut in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy Cricket Club against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1913.
He served in the First World War, during which he was promoted to lieutenant commander in September 1917.
Following the war, he made two further first-class appearances for the Royal Navy in 1919, against Cambridge University and the British Army.
Playing as a right-arm medium pace bowler, he took a total of 9 wickets in his three matches, with best figures of 4 for 162.
He was placed on the retired list at his own request in April 1931, at which point he was granted the rank of commander.
Sinclair died at Orpington in December 1966.
8th Transport Regiment &quot;Casilina&quot;
The 8th Transport Regiment "Casilina" () is a military logistics regiment of the Italian Army based in Rome.
The regiment is operationally assigned to the Army Logistic Command and provides the transport between operational units and the logistic command's maintenance centers.
Like all transport units of the Italian Army the regiment was named for a historic road near its base: in the 8th regiment's case for the medieval Via Casilina.
As of 2019 the 8th Transport Regiment "Casilina" consists of:
The Command and Logistic Support Company fields the following platoons: C3 Platoon, Transport and Materiel Platoon, Medical Platoon, and Commissariat Platoon.
List of locations in Aksai Chin
This is a list of basins, camping grounds, lakes, mountains, mountain passes, outposts, plains, rivers, ruins, settlements, streams, valleys, villages, and other geographical features located in (or partially included in) the sparsely populated Aksai Chin region administered by China and claimed by India as part of Ladakh.
The alternate language names of locations in the Aksai Chin area are included for reference.
On some maps, the road intersections in the region are also referred to with the simple named "(blank)岔口" where "(blank)" is the Chinese initial of the destination, and 岔口 simply means "road fork".
For example, 天岔口, 河岔口, and 空岔口 for the road forks to Tianwendian, Heweinan, and Kongka Pass respectively.
Including camping grounds on historical caravan routes in Aksai Chin:
These are simply referred to as "halting place" which are places with sufficient vegetation, water, or natural shelter to warrant stopping or camping for historical caravans that depended upon beasts of burden.
'Dawan' and 'La' refer to a mountain pass.
'Lungpa' refers to a valley or stream
2019 World Para Athletics Championships – Men's javelin throw
The men's javelin throw at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships was held in Dubai in November 2019.
Carlinhos (name)
Carlinhos is a Portuguese masculine given name and nickname that is a diminutive form of Carlos.
Notable people referred to by this name include the following:
Rangoli Chandel
Rangoli Chandel is an acid attack survivor.
She is the sister of actress Kangana Ranaut, and was hired by her to be her PR manager.
In 2006, Rangoli was engaged to be married to Vikram, an officer of the Indian Air Force, when a friend of hers began stalking her and asked her to marry him.
Upon her refusal, he first threatened to and then went on to throw acid on her.
Rangoli is her sister Kangana Ranaut's social media manager.
She has a son named Prithvi with her current husband, Ajay Chandel.
They married each other in May 2011.
Quite vocal on social media, Rangoli has always been part of controversies due to her unfiltered comments on social terms and on Bollywood.
In December 2019 Rangoli criticized Forbes India's editorial magazine Forbes Celebrity 100 for publishing fraud details about celebrities.
11th Transport Regiment &quot;Flaminia&quot;
The 11th Transport Regiment "Flaminia" () is a military logistics regiment of the Italian Army based in Rome.
The regiment is operationally assigned to the Army General Staff and provides the necessary transport for the general staff to operate.
Like all transport units of the Italian Army the regiment was named for a historic road near its base: in the 11th regiment's case for the Roman road Via Flaminia.
As of 2019 the 11th Transport Regiment "Flaminia" consists of:
The Command and Logistic Support Company fields the following platoons: C3 Platoon, Transport and Materiel Platoon, Medical Platoon, and Commissariat Platoon.
1916 United States presidential election in North Dakota
The 1916 United States presidential election in North Dakota took place on November 7, 1916.
All contemporary forty-eight states were part of the 1916 United States presidential election.
Voters chose five electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
North Dakota was won narrowly by incumbent President Woodrow Wilson (D–New Jersey), running with incumbent Vice President Thomas R. Marshall, with 47.84% of the popular vote, against Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court Charles Evans Hughes (R–New York), running with former Vice President Charles W. Fairbanks, with 46.34% of the popular vote.
Apart from the state’s first presidential election in 1892, this is the closest presidential result on record in North Dakota, although the state was only the sixth-closest of the 1916 election.
Wilson had previously won North Dakota four years earlier.
Kénogamichiche Lake
The lac Kénogamichiche is a freshwater body of the watershed of the La Belle Rivière and lac Saint-Jean, in the municipality of Hébertville, in the Lac-Saint-Jean-Est Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The area around the lake is served by the route 169 which passes to the west and by the rang Saint-Isidore road (north shore), for the needs of recreational tourism activities, especially the resort.
Recreational and tourist activities, especially vacationing, are the main economic activities in this area; agriculture and forestry, second.
The surface of Lake Kénogamichiche is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally made from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds near Lake Kénogamichiche are:
Lac Kénogamichiche has a length of , a width of and an altitude of .
This lake is mainly fed by riparian streams, by the outlet (coming from the south) of Vert Lake and by the stream of the Floating Bridge (coming from the northeast).
On the south side, this lake is separated from Vert Lake, by a strip of land with a width varying between and , along the entire length of the lake.
The mouth of this lake is located to the northeast, at:
From the mouth of Lake Kénogamichiche, the current follows the course of the Aulnaies river consecutively on towards the northwest, the course of the Belle Rivière on towards the north-west (via a bay), then crosses the eastern part of Lac Saint-Jean towards the north on , follows the course of the Saguenay river via the Petite Décharge on to Tadoussac where it merges with the Saint Lawrence estuary.
This body of water is located in the hollow of a kettle formed following global warming 10,500 years ago, which followed a glaciation whose cover was about three kilometers thick.
Located in the municipality of Hébertville, it is located on the old waterway that once connected the Saguenay to Lake Saint-Jean via Lake Kénogami.
A plateau, where the Beau Portage lake is located, allows communication between these two lakes.
This toponym appears in the form Kinougamichis in the Jesuit Relations of 1672 under the pen of Father Albanel.
This name turns out to be a diminutive of kenogami, meaning "small long lake".
It was once famous for the multitude of long-tailed frogs that inhabited it and made a continuous croaking.
In addition, various spellings have been inventoried for this toponym, including Kinogamichiche, Kinougamisis, Tshnuagamitshish, etc.
The toponym "lac Kénogamichiche" was formalized on September 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Astronomy and spirituality
Astronomy and spirituality have long been intertwined and closely related, mostly after their inception as mainstream subjects.
When man started to take off the planet, psychological and cognitive changes were reported by people who directly interacted with outer space, either in visual manner or in exposure, demonstrated a quality of being furiously motivated and concerned about the Earth.
Joint Forces Maneuver Regiment (Italy)
The Joint Forces Maneuver Regiment () is a military logistics regiment of the Italian Armed Forces based in Rome.
The regiment is operationally assigned to the Defense General Staff and provides the necessary transport for the staff and the Italian Ministry of Defense to operate.
Originally the unit, named 10th Interforces Maneuver Autogroup "Salaria", was part of the Italian Army, but on 1 January 2004 the unit was renamed 10th Transport Battalion "Salaria" and entered the newly raised Joint Forces Maneuver Regiment, which became a joint unit of the Italian Armed Forces, even though the regiment's personnel continues to be drawn from the army's Transport and Material arm.
Like all transport units of the Italian Army the regiment's battalion was named for a historic road near its base: in the 10th battalion's case for the Roman road Via Salaria.
As of 2019 the Joint Forces Maneuver Regiment consists of:
The Command and Logistic Support Company fields the following platoons: C3 Platoon, Transport and Materiel Platoon, Medical Platoon, and Commissariat Platoon.
IBM PS/2 L40SX
The IBM PS/2 L40SX was a portable computer made by IBM, as part of the IBM PS/2 series.
It was the successor to the IBM PC Convertible.
The "SX" in the name refers to its CPU, the Intel 80386SX.
The Wall Street Journal reported that IBM had received 15 complaints of a short circuit occurring between the circuitry and a conductive coating inside the case which, in some instances, has melted a small hole in the case.
The short occurs when the laptop is run on batteries, and IBM reported it will install a fuse to stop overheating.
They had to issue a recall for 150,000 machines.
One year after the announcement of the L40SX, on 24 March 1992, four other notebooks were announced by IBM: N51SX, N51SCL, N45SL and the CL57SX.
The CL57SX was the first laptop from IBM that featured a color TFT display.
Zarrukh Adashev
Zarrukh Adashev (born July 29, 1992 in Samarkand, Uzbekistan) is an Uzbek professional kickboxer and professional mixed martial artist.
He was interested in sports in the early years and at the age of 5 he started playing sports with his older brother Shokhrukh Adashev.
He was engaged in hand-to-hand fighting in his city under the leadership of Ikrom Jalilov and took first places in regional and republican competitions.
Adashev was born on July 29, 1992 (Leo the zodiac) in Samarkand city in the Republic of Uzbekistan.
In 2012, Adashev won an American Green Card lottery and currently lives in New York City.
He trains at the Lions Martial Arts Gym with his 1st U.S based coach Artyom Sahakyan.
Adashev speaks multiple languages: English, Tajik, Uzbek and Russian.
His first trainer was Ikrom Jalilov, a Japanese hand-to-hand combat Nippon Kempo Kyokai coach.
Under his trainer, Adashev became a multi time national champion in Nippon Kempo Kyokai, as well as champion of Asian Hand to Hand combat, champion of national Hand to Hand combat and champion of the Central Asian Hand to Hand combat.
Adashev holds his black belt in Nippon Kempo Kyokai.
His 1st competition was when he was 6 years old.
He got 3rd place in his first competition.
In 2012, Adashev also got second place in the under 75 kg class in the WKA world championship.
He weighed in at 59 kg but fought at 75 kg.
In 2013 Adashev started his professional careers in kickboxing and MMA.
His professional kickboxing record is 16-3-0 while his MMA record is 3-1-0.
And Belaator MMA record is 3-0.
Adashev fights for the kickboxing promotion Glory World Series and MMA promotion Bellator MMA.
Hand to Hand Combat
Fight Time.ru
Sherdog.com
Bellator.com
Topology.com
MMBoxing.ru
Þorlákur
Þorlákur (Old Norse: Þorlákr) is an Icelandic given name, meaning "game of Thor".
Notable people with this name include:
Sherlock Holmes in Russia
Sherlock Holmes in Russia () is a Russian detective TV series based on Arthur Conan Doyle's stories about the legendary detective Sherlock Holmes.
This is the third Russian adaptation about the character and the first with original script.
The first season is scheduled to release in 2020 on Channel One Russia.
Jack the Ripper leaves behind a trail of victims and escapes from London to Saint-Petersburg.
Sherlock Holmes leaves Doctor Watson in England and goes after the deadly killer to Saint Petersburg.
In Russia, he meets Doctor Kartsev, from whom he rents a living room.
Dr. Kartsev starts helping him solve very strange, confusing, and complicated crimes, and Holmes is once again forced to convince law enforcement authorities of the correctness of his deductive methods of investigation.
The Filmings began in St. Petersburg in spring 2019.
The director was Nurbek Egen.
He has already shot such series and films as “Alibi”, “Secret Sign” and others detective dramas on the Russian television.
Oleg Malovichenko worked on the script, his previous works were “Ice”, “Method”, “Attraction” and others.
The series is not a full-fledged adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's works, and it based on original script.
According to the producer Aleksander Remizov: “The plot is based on exciting and mysterious crimes that Sherlock would never have encountered in his native England.
We will show the viewer a story familiar to everyone, but on the other side.
The unification of cultures through the adaptation of the Englishman in Russia, new crimes and love are the components of the project that create a new story - 'Sherlock in Russia'”.
Charles Garrett
Charles Richard Garrett (3 March 1901 – 16 February 1968) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Navy officer.
Garrett was born in British India at Puri in March 1901.
He attended the Britannia Royal Naval College, graduating into the Royal Navy as an acting sub-lieutenant, with confirmation in the rank following in January 1921.
He was promoted to lieutenant in December 1922.
Garrett made his debut in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy Cricket Club against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1926.
He made three further first-class appearances for the navy in 1929, playing against the Marylebone Cricket Club, the Army and the Royal Air Force.
Playing as a bowler, he took a total of 7 wickets in his four matches, with best figures of 3 for 124.
He was promoted to lieutenant commander in December 1930, before being placed on the retired list at his own request in January 1934.
He came out of retirement during the Second World War, during which he was promoted to commander in March 1941 and mentioned in dispatches in November 1944.
He died in Kenya in February 1968.
Schwarz function
The Schwarz function, named for Hermann Schwarz, was introduced in a 1974 book by Philip J. Davis.
Vert Lake (Hébertville)
The Lac Vert is a freswater body of the watershed of Belle Rivière and Lac Saint-Jean, in the municipality of Hébertville, in the Lac-Saint-Jean-Est Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The area around the lake is served by the route 169 which passes to the west, by the rang Saint-Isidore road (north shore) and by the rang du Lac Vert road (south shore), for the needs of recreational tourism activities, especially vacationing.
Recreational and tourist activities, especially vacationing, are the main economic activities in this area; agriculture and forestry, second.
The surface of Lac Vert is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds near Lac Vert are:
Lac Vert has a length of , a width of and an altitude of .
This lake is mainly fed by riparian streams.
On the north side, this lake is separated from Kénogamichiche Lake, by a strip of land with a width varying between and , along the entire length of the lake.
The mouth of this lake is located to the northeast, at:
From the mouth of Lac Vert, the current crosses Kénogamichiche Lake on to the west, then follows the course of the Rivière des Aulnaies on north-west, the course of La Belle Rivière on north-west (via a bay), then crosses the eastern part of Lac Saint-Jean toward north on , follows the Saguenay river via the Petite Décharge on to Tadoussac where it merges with the Saint Lawrence estuary.
The toponym "Lac Vert" was formalized on September 23, 1975 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Philoscia
Philoscia is a genus of woodlice in the family Philosciidae.
There are more than 80 described species in "Philoscia".
These 81 species belong to the genus "Philoscia":
Heather Anderson (politician)
Heather Anderson is a Scottish politician, who briefly served as the Member of the European Parliament for the Scotland constituency in late January 2020.
Anderson was elected as a councillor for the Tweeddale West ward at the 2017 Scottish Borders Council election.
She was originally placed fifth on the Scottish National Party list for the 2019 European Parliament election, where the party won 3 seats.
However, following the election of first placed Alyn Smith at the 2019 United Kingdom general election, he ceased to be an MEP, as an individual cannot simultaneously be a member of a member state's legislature and of the European Parliament.
Fourth placed Margaret Ferrier was also elected at the same election.
This made Anderson eligible for the newly vacant SNP seat, which she took on 27 January 2020.
However, she only served as an MEP for four days until 31 January when the Brexit process completed.
She is an organic farmer who owns her own produce and butcher shop in the Scottish Borders.
Susan G. Bond
Susan Bond (born 1942), was a scientific officer and computer programmer for the Mathematics Division of the Royal Radar Establishment (RRE) in the United Kingdom.
She worked extensively on the ALGOL 68 programming language and the Royal Radar Establishment Automatic Computer (RREAC), an early solid-state, ICL 1907F computer.
Bond was born in 1942 and grew up in Dagenham, Essex, in the UK.
Both her parents were teachers, and she was an only child.
She studied at Bristol University from 1962 to 1965, where she studied mathematics and science and received first-class honours.
After graduating from Bristol, Bond was interested in working in applied mathematics, although she didn't have computer training before that point.
She applied to and joined the Mathematics Division of the RRE in 1965; she was hired by British mathematician and engineer Philip Woodward.
Her work mostly consisted of writing operating systems and compilers, not "numerical" computing.
At the beginning of her career, Bond was the only female scientific officer with a graduate education at RRE.
Bond later learned that her supervisor Woodward had been, as historian Janet Abbate describes, "'actively recruiting women' as an affordable source of high-quality researchers".
One of her first projects was reimplementing Syntax Improving Device (SID), a compiler-compiler tool developed by Michael Foster (another RRE employee) to generate compilers for high-level programming languages.
Afterwards, she worked with Ian Currie on Coral 64, a high-level language for embedded computers.
The RRE had originally used ALGOL 60 for the RREAC from its initial development in 1963.
After the International Federation for Information Processing published the specifications for the more powerful ALGOL 68 in 1968, RRE attempted to adapt it for use on the RREAC.
Susan Bond worked with John Morison and Ian Currie on ALGOL 68-R, the first compiler implementation of ALGOL 68, and they announced its creation at the 20–24 July 1970 conference "IFIP Working Conference on ALGOL 68 Implementation" in Munich.
Their ALGOL 68-R was an adaptation of the ALGOL 60 compiler they had built for RREAC.
The team that worked on ALGOL 68-R intended for the language to become the RRE's primary programming language, which could be used for scientific programming as well as business administration tasks like payroll and taking inventory.
After the publication of the ALGOL 68-R specifications, Bond published a narrative guide to ALGOL 68, titled "ALGOL 68-R User’s Guide", with Philip Woodward through HM Stationery Office.
The guide's initial 17,000 copy run sold out.
Bond effectively provided ongoing support for the compiler; readers would contact her whenever they had trouble implementing it.
Bond and Woodward continued to update and publish new versions of the their guide for the RRE's later implementations of ALGOL, such as ALGOL 68RS.
One reviewer, Richard Shreeve, contested that while their 1983 title "Guide to ALGOL 68 for Users of RS Systems" was an "excellent reference text", it gives "insufficient help to the beginner or newcomer to ALGOL 68".
Bond was promoted to Superintendent of Computing and Software Research of the Royal Signals and Radar Establishment in 1980 (the RRE merged with several other research institutions and was renamed in 1976).
As part of her role, Bond collaborated with the Open Software Foundation on the Architecture Neutral Distribution Format and on computing policy for the UK Ministry of Defense.
Bond retired from work in 1993.
Bond met her husband, Chris Sennett, while working at the RRE.
Zygaena magiana
Zygaena magiana is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family.
It is found in Central Asia.
"Z.magiana" (7b) is a pale-coloured, somewhat transparent, Burnet from the mountains near Samarkand, about the habits of which little definite is known.
— The ab.
"hissariensis" Gr.-Grsh [ now "Zygaena magiana" ssp.
"hissariensis" Grum-Grshimailo, 1890] , which is connected with the preceding by all intergradations and which occurs in the same country, has the spots of the forewing small and sharply defined; the 6 transverse spot and the vestiges of the abdominal belt which appear occasionally are without weight in distinguishing this form ; from Virgil Gazi, end of July.
— In the likewise Central Asiatic "kohistana" Gr.-Grsh.
[ now "Z. m." ssp.
"kohistana" Grum-Grshimailo, 1893]] on the contrary there are only vestiges of a red collar and abdominal belt.
Platycotis
Platycotis is a genus of treehoppers in the family Membracidae.
There are about 13 described species in "Platycotis".
These 13 species belong to the genus "Platycotis":
Moeed Yusuf
Moeed W. Yusuf is a Pakistani scholar and author.
He is currently serving as the Special Assistant to the Prime Minister of Pakistan on National Security Division.
He previously served as the Chairman of the Strategic Policy Planning Cell.
He has also served as the associate vice president at the Asia Center at the United States Institute of Peace.
He is the author of "Brokering Peace in Nuclear Environments: U.S. Crisis Management in South Asia".
Previously, he wrote columns for "The Friday Times", and had taught courses on political economy and defense economics at the Quaid-i-Azam University.
He holds Bachelors of Business Administration from the Shorter College; Masters and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from the Boston University.
Yusuf served as the associate vice president at the Asia Center at the United States Institute of Peace.
On 25 September 2019, he was appointed as Chairperson of Pakistan's Strategic Policy Planning Cell under National Security Division for a two-year period.
On 24 December 2019, he was appointed as the Special Assistant to the Prime Minister of Pakistan on National Security Division and Strategic Policy Planning.
Ice hockey at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics – Boys' tournament
The boys' ice hockey tournament at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics was held from 18 to 22 January at the Vaudoise aréna in Lausanne, Switzerland.
The Russian team won its first Youth Olympics gold medal, outscoring its opponents 29–3 throughout the tournament.
"All times are local (UTC+1)."
<section begin=GRA /><section end=GRA />
<section begin=A1 /><section end=A1 />
<section begin=A2 /><section end=A2 />
<section begin=A3 /><section end=A3 />
<section begin=GRB /><section end=GRB />
<section begin=B1 /><section end=B1 />
<section begin=B2 /><section end=B2 />
<section begin=B3 /><section end=B3 />
<section begin=SF1 /><section end=SF1 />
<section begin=SF2 /><section end=SF2 />
<section begin=BM /><section end=BM />
<section begin=GM /><section end=GM />
Archichauliodes
Archichauliodes is a genus of fishflies in the family Corydalidae.
There are more than 20 described species in "Archichauliodes".
These 21 species belong to the genus "Archichauliodes":
Acrosternum
Acrosternum is a genus of stink bugs in the family Pentatomidae.
There are more than 20 described species in "Acrosternum".
These 23 species belong to the genus "Acrosternum":
Ice hockey at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics – Girls' tournament
The girls' ice hockey tournament at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics was held from 17 to 21 January at the Vaudoise Aréna in Lausanne, Switzerland.
"All times are local (UTC+1)."
Helmut Loos
Helmut Loos (born 5 July 1950) is a German musicologist and emeritus scholar.
Born in Niederkrüchten, Loos studied music education from 1971 to 1974 and musicology, art history and philosophy from 1974 to 1980 at the University of Bonn.
He received his doctorate in 1980 and was a research assistant at the Musicology Department of the University of Bonn from 1981 to 1989.
In 1989 he completed his habilitation.
From 1989 to 1993 Loos was director of the Institute for German Music in the East in Bergisch Gladbach.
In April 1993 he was appointed to the chair of historical musicology at the Technical University of Chemnitz.
From October 2001 to March 2017 he held a professorship at the .
His research focuses on the music of the 19th and 20th centuries, religious music and the music-cultural relations of Germany with Central and Eastern Europe.
Tamalia
Tamalia is a genus of aphids in the family Aphididae.
There are about six described species in "Tamalia".
These six species belong to the genus "Tamalia":
Arbinda attack
On 24 December 2019, a large group of militants on motorcycles attacked civilians and a military base in Arbinda, Soum Province, Burkina Faso.
The attack and subsequent battle lasted several hours, resulting in the deaths of 35 civilians, 7 soldiers and 80 attackers.
The attack was one of Burkina Faso's deadliest.
A 48 hour state of mourning was declared after the attack.
The militants first attacked a military outpost in northern Soum Province near Arbinda, killing 7 soldiers.
The attack was eventually repelled by security forces.
Around 80 attackers were killed during the clashes.
At the same time, dozens of attackers on motorcycles stormed into Arbinda, killing 35 civilians.
The attackers supposedly targeted women, as 31 of the dead civilians were female.
The battle and attacks lasted several hours, until the militants were pushed back by the Burkina Faso Army with the help of its air force.
Tamalia coweni
Tamalia coweni, the Manzanita leaf gall aphid, is a species of aphid in the family Aphididae.
IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing
The IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of dependability and security.
It is published by the IEEE Computer Society and was established in 2004.
The current editor-in-chief is Jaideep Vaidya (Rutgers University).
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 6.404.
Platycotis vittata
Platycotis vittata, the oak treehopper, is a species of treehopper in the family Membracidae, found in North America.
The species is also called "Platycotis vittatus".
Chinavia
Chinavia is a genus of green stink bugs in the family Pentatomidae.
There are more than 30 described species in "Chinavia".
These 33 species belong to the genus "Chinavia":
Oxidus
Oxidus is a genus of flat-backed millipedes in the family Paradoxosomatidae.
There are about nine described species in "Oxidus".
These nine species belong to the genus "Oxidus":
List of education awards
This list of education awards is an index to articles about notable awards in the field of education.
These are faculty awards and teacher awards, and awards given to educational institutions, as opposed to awards given to students.
The list also excludes science communication awards, which are covered by a separate list.
Odontotaenius
Odontotaenius is a genus of bess beetles in the family Passalidae.
There are about 11 described species in "Odontotaenius".
These 11 species belong to the genus "Odontotaenius":
Faxonius
Faxonius is a genus of malacostracans in the family Cambaridae.
There are more than 20 described species in "Faxonius".
These 27 species belong to the genus "Faxonius":
Coleomegilla
Coleomegilla is a genus of lady beetles in the family Coccinellidae.
There are at least two described species in "Coleomegilla".
These two species belong to the genus "Coleomegilla":
Jonas Sjölander
Per Erik Jonas Sjölander (born August 12, 1965) is a Swedish curler.
He participated in the demonstration curling events at the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics, where the Swedish team finished in fifth place both times.
Callirhytis
Callirhytis is a genus of gall wasps in the family Cynipidae.
There are more than 90 described species in "Callirhytis".
These 92 species belong to the genus "Callirhytis":
Alder–Reilly anomaly
Alder–Reilly anomaly, or Alder anomaly, is an inherited abnormality of white blood cells associated with mucopolysaccharidosis.
When blood smears and bone marrow preparations from patients with Alder-Reilly anomaly are stained and examined microscopically, large, coarse granules may be seen in their neutrophils, monocytes, and lymphocytes.
The condition may be mistaken for toxic granulation, a type of abnormal granulation in neutrophils that occurs transiently in inflammatory conditions.
In addition to mucopolysaccharidosis, Alder–Reilly anomaly may occur in lipofuscinosis and Tay–Sachs disease.
While the anomaly is generally considered to exhibit autosomal recessive inheritance, it may also occur in carriers who are heterozygous for the Tay–Sachs mutation, although the inclusions are much less frequent than in homozygotes.
Alder–Reilly anomaly is not diagnostic of any disorder and does not correlate with disease severity.
Affected white blood cells function normally.
Alder–Reilly inclusions stain appear violet when treated with Wright–Giemsa stain and, in mucopolysaccharidosis, stain metachromatically with toluidine blue.
Metachromatic staining is not seen in Tay–Sachs disease.
The granules tend to be round or comma-shaped and may be surrounded by a clearing in the cytoplasm.
Taeniopoda
Taeniopoda is a genus of horse lubbers in the family Romaleidae.
There are about 12 described species in "Taeniopoda".
These 12 species belong to the genus "Taeniopoda":
Pterophylla
Pterophylla is a genus of true katydids in the family Tettigoniidae.
There are about five described species in "Pterophylla".
These five species belong to the genus "Pterophylla":
Hornblower's Charitable Offering
Hornblower's Charitable Offering is a short story C.S.
Forester wrote about his fictional character Horatio Hornblower, when he was in command of HMS "Sutherland".
In the story the "Sutherland" rescues naked and emaciated Frenchmen from a makeshift raft.
The men had been prisoners of war who had been confined to the deserted island of Cabrera.
In Forester's story, Cabrera was deserted because it had no ports, and no foliage.
Spanish authorities had landed 20,000 French prisoners on the island.
Because there were no ports Spanish authorities left the prisoners unguarded, and the only care they provided were food shipments.
But the food they supplied was insufficient for the number of prisoners, and bad weather could prevent the landing of the food for weeks at a time.
Spanish authorities weren't providing any clothing or blankets to the prisoners, and, after two years confinement, all of their clothes had worn out.
The prisoners tell Hornblower some of the more desperate men have resorted to cannibalism.
When Hornblower approaches the island he sees that the Spanish victualing ship has given up on trying to land food, because the wind is in the wrong quarter for a landing on the island's single beach.
Through his superior seamanship Hornblower is able to shoot a line to the prisoners, and use it to let them tow to shore a casks of food from his own ship's stores.
Cabrera is a real island, and Spanish authorities did confine French prisoners there.
Over 10,000 French prisoners were confined on the Island, in 1808.
In 1814, when the war was over, only 3,700 were left to be repatriated.
Doniyor Saliev
Doniyor Saliev is a visually impaired Uzbekistani Paralympic athlete competing in T12-classification events.
He represented Uzbekistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
He won the bronze medal in the men's long jump T12 event and the bronze medal in the men's 4 × 100 metres relay T11-13 event at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
He was also the flag bearer in the opening ceremony of the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
In 2019 he qualified to represent Uzbekistan at the 2020 Summer Paralympics after winning the gold medal in the men's long jump T12 event at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
At the 2010 Asian Para Games he won the bronze medal in the men's long jump F13 event.
At the 2017 Islamic Solidarity Games he won the gold medal in the men's long jump T12 event.
St Oswald's Hospital
St Oswald's Hospital is a healthcare facility on Clifton Road in Ashbourne, Derbyshire, England.
It is managed by Derbyshire Community Health Services NHS Foundation Trust.
The facility has its origins in the Ashbourne Union Workhouse which was located in Belle Vue Road and was completed in 1848.
It became the Ashbourne Public Assistance Institution in 1930 and joined the National Health Service as St Oswald's Hospital in 1948.
After the old hospital became dilapidated, a site on Clifton Road, just a few hundred yards south, was acquired and a modern facility was built and opened as the new St Oswald's Hospital in October 2010.
Walk-in centre
Tassybay Abdikarimov
Tassybay Abdikarimov (, "Tasybaı Ábdikárimov"; ; born 1938) is a Kazakh farmer and engineer, awarded with Virtus et Fraternitas Medal.
Abdikarimov grew up in a farmer family.
After 1952, he has been helping the Jabłoński family: Amelia and her three children, including Walenty (born 1932).
The Jabłońskis, eventually settled in the Pakhta-Aral sovkhoz in the village of Ilich, have been among Poles unvoluntary deported by the Soviet authorities to Kazakhstan, sharing their lives with the locals.
Despite an extremely difficult situation – sanitary conditions, food shortage, and hard labor causing a high mortality rate among the inhabitants – Tassybay Abdikarimov has been helping the Jabłońskis to adapt, especially by providing food to the ill Walenty and rest of the family.
He was also helping Walenty to hide his photo camera.
Walenty, thanks to the medical education he had begun before the deportation, has been serving local community as physician, gaining recognition.
In 1956, the Jabłońskis were allowed to return to Poland.
They has been keeping in touch with Abdikarimov.
Later, Abdikarimov graduated from the Tashkent Institute of Irrigation and Melioration and worked in southern Kazakhstan as a farmer engineer.
For many years he has been looking after the graves of Poles who died in Kazakhstan.
In appreciation of his effort, in 2019, Abdikarimov was awarded with Virtus et Fraternitas Medal.
He received the honour from the President Andrzej Duda during the event at the Polish Theatre in Warsaw, in the presence of the Deputy Marshal of the Sejm Małgorzata Gosiewska, Deputy Prime Piotr Gliński, as well as Walenty Jabłoński.
Tetraclita
Tetraclita is a genus of sessile barnacles in the family Tetraclitidae.
There are more than 20 described species in "Tetraclita".
These 24 species belong to the genus "Tetraclita":
Moirang Kangleirol
Moirang Kangleirol or Ancient Moirang is a civilization which flourished in the periphery of the Loktak lake in the ancient kingdom of Moirang, in Kangleipak (present day Manipur).
Moirang is known to the Cradle of Manipur in the arena of Culture and Literature since ancient times.
The history of the genealogy of the rulers (Iwang Puriklai) of the kingdom is recorded in various PuYa.
The ancient section is recognized from 9000 BC-300 BC.
The oldest known ruler was Iwang Puriklai Phang Phang (52 BC-28 AD).
Moirang was predominantly settled by the people of Moilang clan though others also settled in the kingdom.
The emperors of the Moilang dynasty ruled the kingdom since ancient times.
The ancient Moirang rulers are attributed the very title Iwang Puriklai, which means the carriers of high blood lineage.
As the government being in the form of absolute monarchy, all the state powers lie in the hands of the emperor (Iwang Puriklai).
All the state laws as well as rules and regulations are regulated by him from time to time.
There are eight leikais (or sectors or wards) and nine marketplaces (keithel) in Ancient Moirang.
The eight Leikais are Ngangkha Leikai, Khoyon Leikai, Nganglou Leikai, Khambi Leikai, Higa Leikai, Okchin Leikai, Chenglei Leikai and Yaoshu Leikai, with each controlled by a Leikai Lakpa (a ward mayor).
The nine market places are Khori Keithel, Ngangkha Keithel, Khoyon Keithel, Nganglou Keithel, Khambi Keithel, Higa Keithel, Okchin Keithel, Chenglei Keithel and Yaoshu Keithel.
This plan of arrangements of township was the achievement of Emperor Iwang Puriklai Phang Phang, the first dated ruler.
The kingdom holds one of the most powerful position among its rivals, on ancient times, especially with Khuman and Mangang dynasties.
Moirang is known for the ancient Meitei architecture.
It is also famous for the Ebudhou Thangjing Temple near the Moirang Kangla, which is the abode of the Lord Eputhou Thangjing, the national deity of the kingdom.
Moirang is best known for her rich resources of mythology especially the Moirang Shayon, which is the account of the nine incarnations of the Lord and his Lady in the erstwhile ancient kingdom of Moirang.
Moirang is known from the ancient times, about the grand performances of various month long religious festivals especially Lai Haraoba festival held in the premise of the Ebudhou Thangjing Temple to praise the deity Eputhou Thangjing.
The famous Khamba Thoibi dance is known to be performed in the premise of the very temple.
Sanamahism is strictly practised in Ancient Moirang, with Eputhou Thangjing, being the national deity of the state.
Religious rites and rituals are offered to various gods and goddesses to seek their blessings for the prosperity, harmony and welfare of the kingdom.
1. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.Moirang_and_Ebuthou_Thangjing_Part_1
2. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.Ebuthou_Thangjing_Moirang_Kangleirol_Part_2
3. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.Keke_Kangla_Moirang_and_Ebuthou_Thangjing_Part_3
4. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.Keke_Moirang_And_Ngangoi_Moirang_and_Ebuthou_Thangjing_Part_4
5. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.History_of_Moirang_Moirang_and_Ebuthou_Thangjing_Part_5
6. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.Moirang_Ningthourol_Moirang_and_Ebuthou_Thangjing_Part_6
7. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.Eight_Leikais_And_Nine_Market_Places_Moirang_and_Ebuthou_Thangjing_Part_7
8. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.Contemporary_Periods_Of_Moirang_And_Chinese_Golden_Ages_Moirang_and_Ebuthou_Thangjing_Part_8
9. http://e-pao.net/epSubPageExtractor.asp?src=manipur.Moirang_Kangleirol.Salwons_And_Langwons_Moirang_and_Ebuthou_Thangjing_Part_9
Tetraclitidae
Tetraclitidae is a family of sessile barnacles in the order Sessilia.
There are about 10 genera and more than 60 described species in Tetraclitidae.
These 10 genera belong to the family Tetraclitidae:
Muna Al Hashemi
Muna Al Hashemi (, born 1971) is a Bahraini businesswoman and deputy CEO of the Batelco Group.
She previously served as the CEO of Batelco from 2015 to 2017, before assuming her current position.
She was ranked 15th by "Forbes Middle East" amongst the '100 Most Influential Women in the Middle East'.
She was also named by Arabian Business as one of the '30 Most Influential Women in the Arab World' in 2019.
Muna Al Hashemi was born in Bahrain in 1971.
She earned a Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the University of Bahrain alongside a Masters degree in electronics and communication in 1994.
She later joined Batelco as a trainee engineering graduate in the same year.
Her tenure as CEO of Batelco from 2015 to 2017 coincided with the liberalisation of Bahrain's telecom industry against Batelco's monopoly, and saw the company still retaining a leading market share.
Under her leadership, Batelco became the first telecom company to launch 4G internet in Bahrain.
In 2017, she was appointed as deputy CEO of the Batelco Group, an international telecommunications group with operations in 14 countries including Batelco itself.
In 2018, she was ranked 15th by Forbes Middle East amongst the 100 Most Influential Women in the Middle East, having previously been featured on the list for 4 consecutive years.
Al Hashemi is a board member of the Jordanian telecom company Umniah, as well as the Bahraini tech start-up company C5 Nebula.
She also serves as a board member on the Supreme Council for Women in the Kingdom of Bahrain.
Gurbanguly Aşyrow
Gurbanguly Myratgulyyevich Ashirov (; born 20 February 1993) is a Turkmen footballer who plays for Turkmen club FC Ahal.
He was part of the Turkmenistan national team from 2017.
In recent years he has been playing for the FC Ahal.
He played for Turkmenistan futsal team at 2013 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games and 2016 AFC Futsal Championship qualification.
Ashirov made his senior national team debut on 28 August 2017, in a friendly match match against Qatar.
Acanalonia conica
Acanalonia conica is a species of acanaloniid planthopper in the family Acanaloniidae.
It is found in North America and Europe.
Compile Maru
, stylized as , is a video game developer company founded at 2016 by Masamitsu Niitani (founder of the former company Compile and the creator of Puyo Puyo), as a new venture.
Niitani decided to found COMPILE⁠◯ in order to publish his new development, Nyoki Nyoki, and as a new venture after the company he founded previously (Compile).
In an interview with Fumio Kurokawa, Niitani talks about the success of Puyo Puyo and how a game potentially on par with Tetris grew the company he founded in 1982.
He also mentions that «entrepreneurship is "but me", and there are no objectives» and «the common people only know tactics», criticizing the big companies and their commercial objectives.
He also mentions that «the opportunity to start a business is "alone or as a company"», which led him to create his own company (Compile), spirit that he would maintain throughout his life when he founded COMPILE⁠◯ and developed "Nyoki Nyoki".
Hornblower and His Majesty
Hornblower and His Majesty is a short story published in 1940 by C.S.
Forester about fictional character Horatio Hornblower's command of the Royal Yacht, during a nautical expedition of the King George III and his entourage.
George III had a medical condition that caused him to seem ""mad"" in his later years.
The short story is set during the King's mad period.
Forester portrays the King being fearful of brutal doctors, and Hornblower feeling sympathy for him.
A superior French force puts the King at risk, and Hornblower has to employ every scrap of skill to prevent capture.
Hornblower notices that the excitement and distraction seems to trigger an improvement in the King's condition.
José Gusmão
José Gusmão is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Left Bloc.
Sandra Pereira
Sandra Pereira is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Democratic Unitarian Coalition.
Emilio Cecchi
Emilio Cecchi (1884–1966) was an Italian screenwriter and film producer.
He also directed two short documentaries in the late 1940s.
He was made head of production at Cines Studios, Italy's leading film company, in the early 1930s.
Francisco Guerreiro
Francisco Guerreiro is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the People Animals Nature party.
Ilie Dancea
Ilie Dancea (born 25 July 1928) was a Romanian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Cecil Moore (weightlifter)
Cecil Moore (born 1 November 1929) was a Guyanese weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Silvino Robin
Silvino Robin (born 29 October 1923) was a Brazilian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Wilhelm Flenner
Wilhelm Flenner (10 November 1922 – February 1995) was an Austrian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
South of Monterey
South of Monterey is a 1946 American Western film directed by William Nigh and written by Charles S. Belden.
The film stars Gilbert Roland, Martin Garralaga, Frank Yaconelli, Marjorie Riordan, Iris Flores and George J. Lewis.
The film was released on June 15, 1946, by Monogram Pictures.
José Manuel Fernandes
José Manuel Fernandes is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Social Democratic Party.
In addition to his committee assignments, Fernandes is part of the European Parliament Intergroup on Seas, Rivers, Islands and Coastal Areas and the MEPs Against Cancer group.
Augusto Fiorentini
Augusto Fiorentini (born 16 June 1929) was an Italian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Álvaro Amaro
Álvaro Amaro is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Social Democratic Party.
Lídia Pereira
Lídia Pereira is a Portuguese politician of the Social Democratic Party (PSD) who has been serving as a Member of the European Parliament since 2019.
She is also president of the Youth of the European People's Party (YEPP), that represents over 1 million youngsters all across Europe.
Pereira was the spokesperson for her College of Europe masters class.
In the 2019 European elections Pereira was the first politician to run a carbon neutral political campaign, drawing attention to climate change.
As number 2 in the list she stood out as a political renewal of Portuguese MEPs.
Since joining the European Parliament, she has been serving as her parliamentary group's deputy coordinator in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and as member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
In addition to her committee assignments, Pereira is part of the European Parliament Intergroup on Seas, Rivers, Islands and Coastal Areas.
Hans Claussen
Hans Claussen (5 September 1911 – 21 July 2001) was a German weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Uzbekistan at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Uzbekistan will be competing at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan, from 25 August to 6 September 2020.
Doniyor Saliev qualified for the men's long jump T12 event after winning the gold medal in the men's long jump T12 event at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
Bekjon Chevarov qualified for the men's long jump T13 event.
Temurbek Giyazov qualified for the men's high jump T64 event.
Elbek Sultonov qualified for the men's shot put F12 event.
Khusniddin Norbekov qualified for the men's shot put F35 event.
Bobirjon Omonov qualified for the men's shot put F41 event.
Nozimakhon Kayumova qualified for the women's javelin throw F13 event after winning the bronze medal at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
Safiya Burkhanova qualified for the women's shot put F12 event after winning the silver medal at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
Server Ibragimov qualified for the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Cláudia Aguiar
Cláudia Aguiar is a Portuguese politician of the Social Democratic Party (PSD) who has been serving as a Member of the European Parliament since 2014.
Aguiar became a Member of the European Parliament in the 2014 elections.
She has since been serving on the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
Following the 2019 elections|, she also joined the Committee on Fisheries as vice-chairwoman.
In addition to her committee assignments, Aguiar has also been part of the Parliament's delegations for relations with Brazil (2014-2019) and South Africa (since 2019.
She is also a member of the European Parliament Intergroup on Seas, Rivers, Islands and Coastal Areas.
Delwan Graham
Delwan Graham (born October 27, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for Kharkivski Sokoly in the Ukrainian Basketball Superleague.
In December 2019, Graham returned to Kharkiv and signed with Kharkivski Sokoly.
Manuel Pizarro (politician)
Manuel Pizarro is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Socialist Party.
Arthur Wood (Royal Navy officer)
Rear Admiral Arthur Edmund Wood (23 February 1875 – 30 January 1961) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Navy officer.
He was born in February 1875 at Winchfield, Hampshire, the son of Arthur Hardy Wood of Duddleswell Manor, Sussex.
His mother was Annis Matilda Hardy, daughter of Charles Hardy of Chilham Castle, Kent.
Wood attended the Britannia Royal Naval College, graduating into the Royal Navy as a sub-lieutenant.
He was promoted to lieutenant in December 1896, with promotion to commander following in December 1907.
Wood made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy Cricket Club against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1912.
He captained the Royal Navy during the match, scoring 16 runs and failing to take a wicket.
He served in the First World War, during which he was promoted to captain in December 1915 and served in the latter stages of the war as captain of .
Wood was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 1919 New Year Honours.
He was placed on the retired list at his own request in June 1922, with promotion to rear admiral coming while on the retired list in August 1926.
He was deemed unfit for service during the Second World War and later died in January 1961 at Ryton, County Durham.
Wood married in 1924 Ruth Avril Johnston (died 1957).
Margarida Marques
Margarida Marques is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Socialist Party.
Isabel Carvalhais
Isabel Estrada Carvalhais is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Socialist Party.
Battle of Pashtrik
The Battle of Pashtrik was an engagement between the KLA with NATO's support against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
The main objective of the KLA forces was to capture the line across the White Drin and the Pashtrik peak in order to secure safe passage of weapons and personnel across the Albanian-Kosovo border.
Sara Cerdas
Sara Cerdas is a Portuguese politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Socialist Party.
In addition to her committee assignments, Cerdas is part of the European Parliament Intergroup on Seas, Rivers, Islands and Coastal Areas and the MEPs Against Cancer group.
WIAC Men's Ice Hockey Tournament
While the WIAC has existed since the 1910s, the number conference members that supported ice hockey programs had never reached the minimum required to receive an NCAA Tournament automatic bid (seven).
Despite this hurdle, the conference elected to form an ice hockey division for the 2013–14 season, to become an all-sports conference.
The WIAC tournament began the same season as the conference and includes all members schools.
<br>
<br>
Zygaena rosinae
Zygaena rosinae is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family.
It is found in Armenia.
"Z. rosinae" Korb (7f), from Armenia, resembles "scovitzii" but the palpi and nearly the whole abdomen, especially in the female are bright red.
Modenas KR3
The Modenas KR3 (later known as the Proton KR3) was a racing motorcycle made by the Malaysian motorcycle company Modenas.
The bike was used in the 500cc class of grand Prix motorcycle racing from 1997 until 2001, when the company got taken over by the Malaysian automobile company Proton.
Proton renamed the bike, calling it the Proton KR3 and using it for three more seasons - from 2002 to 2004 - before replacing it with the newer Proton KR5 machine.
The origins of the KR3 lie with the strained relationship three-time 500cc champion Kenny Roberts had with the Factory Yamaha team at the time.
After Wayne Rainey became paralysed from the chest down due to a crash he sustained at the 1993 Italian Grand Prix and Yamaha's rivals Honda and Mick Doohan took multiple titles, Roberts became increasingly unhappy with Yamaha's working method in the mid 1990s.
He was constantly unhappy with the progress of their bikes and even complained many times publicly that the factory did not listen to his feedback on how to improve their motorcycles.
Because of this, he made an announcement that surprised everyone in 1996 – he was breaking away from the Factory Yamaha team - after 25 years of close collaboration - at the end of the 1996 season, working together with the Modenas company to create a new motorcycle for the newly formed Team Roberts in 1997.
The main reasons why Modenas decided to work together with Roberts was for two reasons: The company hoped that some of the technology would eventually make their way into their future models, and that participation in the 500cc would make their brand more known amongst the public.
The KR team decided to move the base of operations to the "Motorsport Valley" in the United Kingdom where some Formula 1 and race car teams are based and began working together with Tom Walkinshaw Racing (TWR).
They decided to create a unique three-cylinder, two-stroke, 500cc machine since the rules at the time gave three-cylinder machines a 10kg weight advantage over the usual four-cylinder bikes.
The idea was that the lower weight allowed the bike to be more agile and carry more speed mid-corner.
This was also deemed as an advantage as the racetracks during this time had more corners than long straights for the four-cylinder machines to utilize, some examples being Shah Alam and Donington Park.
However, they also were aware that a three-cylinder bike would make less horsepower compared to a four-cylinder one.
To solve this problem, the team focused on improving volumetric efficiency (how much fuel-air mixture the engine could induct).
The engine design was supervised by Bud Askland, the father of the team's manager Chuck Askland.
They created a 498cc engine with "square" dimensions i.e.
same bore and stroke figures of 59.6 mm x 59.6 mm.
The Vee-angle between the cylinders was set at nearly 180o with two cylinders down below and one up top.
The frame was designed to give the bike better handling characteristics.
The KR team worked with TWR and French chassis maker FTR, which resulted in an aluminium twin-spar "deltabox" frame that's smaller and lighter than conventional Japanese designs at the time.
The headstock featured eccentric carriers which would allow adjustments of the steering's rake angle and trail.
There were also eccentric carriers in the swingarm mount which were created to adjust the height of the swingarm pivot.
These were completely new and unheard of at the time.
Even the fueling system was ahead of its time, the team adopting electronic carburetors without float bowls which used ducted air to atomize the fuel, much like a fuel-injection system.
KR hoped that such a setup would avoid the fuel from emulsifying from intense vibrations.
Arrow made an exhaust system for the engine.
The result of this was an engine that produced 160 hp in the early years, and the team went on to improve the engine, producing 180 hp in 2002.
The bodywork was designed in such a way that it would wrap tightly around the frame for a smaller frontal profile.
Consequently, the radiator was moved to under the seat where ducts supplied cooling air to it.
At the debut year, the drier line-up consisted of Kenny Roberts Jr. and Jean-Michel Bayle and team's sponsor was Marlboro.
It was initially thought that the engine’s layout gave the engine good self-balancing inertial forces (of the pistons going up and down and the rotating crankshaft), but the bike frequently underperformed and suffered many breakdowns (expecially crankshaft spreadings frequently broke down) as well as driver DNFs, - 14 tot be exact - archieving a best place finish of eighth, scoring a total of 68 points and ending fifth in the constructor standings.
Additionally, there was no controlled-tyre ruling back then, thus the tryes were manufactured to each specific bike in the paddock.
New and small teams such as the KR team often had to use old tyres or those designed for other bikes, sometimes even both.
It meant that KR could not capitalize on their handling.
For the 1998 season, Bayle was replaced with Ralf Waldmann.
The team continued to underperform all throughout the year, but did better than its debut year and scored a total of 105 points with a best place finish of sixth, courtesy of Roberts Jr, finishing fourth in the constructor standings..
The KR3 was supremely fast in midcorner and there were other riders who commented that they were led into entering corners too fast behind it.
However, when the situation was reversed, the KR3 riders found themselves blocked by the slower four-cylinder machines and then outgunned at the corner exits.
In 1999, the driver line-up significantly changed.
Kenny Roberts Jr. left the team and went to the Factory Suzuki team.
His replacement came in the form of an American rookie called Mike Hale, along with three replacement drivers; José David de Gea, Mark Willis and James Whitham.
KR lost its Marlboro sponsorship and renamed itself before the start of the season, going by the name of "Proton KR Modenas" after Proton decided to sponsor the team.
The lack of experience amongst the riders did not help and the team only scored a total of 17 points - their worst result ever - and only managed a best-place finish of twelfth.
The team also finished a lowly seventh in the constructor championship.
The KR team decided to change its driver line-up once more in 2000, letting go of Mike Hale and making David de Gea a permanent driver for the season, along with Luca Cadalora, Anthony Gobert and Mark Willis as replacement drivers when José was not available.
The team did better than last year but still struggled compared to the competition, earning 30 points, scoring a best-place finish of eighth and finishing sixth in the constructor championship.
In 2001, Proton took over the Kenny Roberts team and changed its name to "Proton Team KR".
The bike name changed as well, the new name being the "Proton KR3".
In terms of driver line-up, David de Gea was replaced with Dutch rider Jurgen van den Goorbergh and the replacement riders were replaced with a new wildcard rider: Kurtis Roberts.
The team performed more consistently and even managed to outscore some satellite Yamaha and Honda teams on certain occasions.
Overall, the team scored 65 points, managed a best-place finish of seventh and finished fourth in the constructor championship, equalling the result of its debut year in 1997.
2002 would be the best year for the team.
van der Goorbergh was let go and the team decided to get two regular drivers again: the experienced Nobuatsu Aoki and Jeremy McWilliams, along with David García as a wildcard rider.
McWilliams surprised friend and foe by scoring the team's first provisional pole at the 2002 German Grand Prix and the only real pole position at the 2002 Australian Grand Prix on the KR3 machine and the team performed consistently throughout the season, scoring a total of 122 points - the most the team had ever scored -, getting a best-place finish of sixth and finishing fourth in the constructor standings - outscoring the new factory Aprilia and Kawasaki teams as a result.
No driver line-ups occurred in 2003, and no replacement or wildcard riders were called in either.
This was the last year for the bike as it was gradually replaced by the newer Proton KR5 motorbike during this season, and would be made obsolote completely from 2004 onwards.
The team struggled more than least compared to its competitors.
It reached a total of 46 points, got a best-place finish of sixth and finished sixth in the constructor standings, narrowly losing out to the Factory Suzuki team but staying well ahead of the factory Kawasaki team.
Circus Renz (disambiguation)
Circus Renz was a German circus company, the name of which may also refer to:
Crossed Trails
Crossed Trails is a 1948 American Western film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by Adele Buffington.
The film stars Johnny Mack Brown, Raymond Hatton, Lynne Carver, Douglas Evans, Kathy Frye and Zon Murray.
The film was released on April 11, 1948, by Monogram Pictures.
Michelle Muscat
Michelle Muscat (born May 16, 1974 Rabat, as "Michelle Tanti") is a Maltese philanthropist.
She is married to the former Prime Minister of Malta, Joseph Muscat.
Michelle Muscat married Joseph Muscat in 2001.
She is alleged to be involved in Panama based letterbox firms in a network of political-business connections of her husband.
After Muscat's election in 2013 in July 2013, employees of Brian Tonna created the letterbox firm Egrant Inc. in Panama.
In April 2017 journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia suggested that shares in Egrant Inc. were held by Mossack Fonseca nominees for Michelle Muscat.
In December 2019 an inquiry was published, which investigated if the Panama company Egrant Inc was owned by the prime minister, his wife, or his family.
The investigation found no evidence to support the claim made by Caruana Galizia.
The couple have twin children, Soleil Sophie and Etoille Ella, born in 2007.
Henrik Holmberg
Carl Henrik Lennart Holmberg (born July 5, 1963) is a Swedish curler.
He is a , a two-time Swedisn men's champion (1982, 1992) and a 1986 Swedisn mixed champion.
He was a member of team who won 1982 the Swedish men's championship and qualified for the , but Holmberg didn't compete because it was decided that he was too young to participate.
Mai Kuraki Single Collection: Chance for You
Mai Kuraki Single Collection: Chance for You is the fifth compilation album and first single collection by Japanese singer-songwriter Mai Kuraki.
It was released on 25 December 2019 by Northern Music, in commemoration of Kuraki's 20th anniversary since her debut.
The album features all the singles and some promotional singles Kuraki has released, since her debut "Love, Day After Tomorrow" (2000) to "Kimi to Koi no Mama de Owarenai Itsumo Yume no Mama ja Irarenai"/"Barairo no Jinsei" (2019).
In Japan, the album debuted at number six on the Oricon Daily Albums Chart, becoming her weakest debut since "One Life" (2008).
On the following day, it climbed to number three, selling 4,378 physical copies in its second day.
"Mai Kuraki Single Collection: Chance for You" debuted at number six on the Oricon Weekly Albums Chart, selling 18,171 physical copies in its first week.
In the following week, the album fell from number six to fifteen, with the sales of 3,023 copies.
!scope="row"|Japan (RIAJ)
Ice hockey at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics – Boys' 3x3 mixed tournament
The boys' 3x3 mixed ice hockey tournament at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics was held from 10 to 15 January at the Vaudoise aréna in Lausanne, Switzerland.
"All times are local (UTC+1)."
Daniel Neyland
Daniel Neyland (1618-1688) was an Irish Anglican priest in the 17thcentury.
Neyland was born in County Clare and educated at Trinity College, Dublin.
Neyland was Prebendary of St MIchan's in Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin from 1661 until his death; Dean of Elphin from 1664 to 1665; and Dean of Ossory from 1666 until his death.
Lac de la Belle Rivière
The lac de la Belle Rivière is a freshwater body at the head of Belle Rivière on the watershed of lac Saint-Jean, in the unorganized territory of Belle-Rivière, in the Lac-Saint-Jean-Est Regional County Municipality, in the region Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
Lake Belle Rivière is located in the northwestern part of the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve.
This small valley is served by the route 169 and by the route des Laurentides which runs along the lake on the northeast side.
A few secondary roads serve this area for the needs of forestry, recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of Belle Rivière Lake is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds adjacent to Lake Belle Rivière are:
The Belle Rivière lake has a length of , a width of and an altitude of .
This lake has three parts formed by two narrows.
This lake is mainly fed by the rivière du Milieu (coming from the south) and by the outlet (coming from the south) of the big lake of Cedars.
The mouth of this lake is located to the west, at the Laurentian Highway bridge, at:
From the mouth of Belle Rivière lake, the current follows the course of the Belle Rivière consecutively on northwesterly to the east shore of Lac Saint-Jean; from there, the current goes north on crossing this last lake, follows the course of the Saguenay river via the Petite Décharge on until Tadoussac where it merges with the Saint Lawrence estuary.
The name "Belle Rivière" is linked to the river, a stream and the municipality of the same name in the same sector.
The toponym Lac de la Belle Rivière was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.<ref name="CTQ"></ref >
Casanova Killer
The Casanova Killer may refer to:
Anar Iskandarov
Anar Iskandarov () is an Azerbaijani historian.
He earned a PhD in historical sciences.
He is a professor and Chief of the department of "Source Study, Historiography and Methods" of Baku State University.
Anar Iskandarov was born in the Kolatan village of the Masalli region in 1956.
From 1973 to 1978, he studied at and graduated with honors from the Department of History, Baku State University.
From 1978 to 1981 he worked as a history teacher in the Masalli district, Azerbaijan.
From 1982 to 1984 he worked as the Head of the Cabinet at the Department of Philosophy of the Azerbaijan State Oil Academy.
From 1984 to 1999 he worked at BSU in the Department of Source Studies, Historiography and Methods as a senior laboratory assistant, teacher, senior teacher and assistant professor.
Beginning in1999 he began serving as head of the department.
He lectures and conducts seminars in: “Historiography of the history of Azerbaijan”; "Sources of the history of Azerbaijan"; “Actual problems of historical science”; "Methodological problems of historical research."
In 1989 he defended his thesis on the topic: “Historiography, the establishment and strengthening of Soviet power in Azerbaijan".
In 2004 he defended his doctoral dissertation on the topic: “Historiography of the problem of the genocide of the Turks in Azerbaijan 1917-1918.”
On January 11, 2016, by Decree of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, he was awarded the Order for Service to the Fatherland, III degree, for service to the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan.
Jason Hickel
Jason Hickel is an anthropologist, author, and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
He received his PhD in Anthropology from the University of Virginia in 2011 and has taught there and at the London School of Economics, and Goldsmiths, University of London, where he convenes the MA in Anthropology and Cultural Politics.
He writes on global development and political economy, contributing regularly to "The Guardian", "Jacobin", Al Jazeera, and other popular outlets.
His work has been funded by Fulbright, the National Science Foundation, the Wenner-Gren Foundation, the Charlotte Newcombe Foundation, and the Leverhulme Trust.
, he serves on the U.K. Labour Party task force on international development.
Ehsan Taeidi
Ehsan Taeidi (; born 1 May 1990) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a Striker for Iranian club Pars Jonoubi in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
Apostolic Delegation to Somalia
The Apostolic Delegation to Somalia represents the interests of the Holy See in Somalia to officials of the Catholic Church, civil society, and government offices.
The Holy See and the government of Somalia have not established diplomatic relations and the position of Apostolic Delegate to Somalia is not a diplomatic one, though the Delegate is a member of the diplomatic service of the Holy See.
The Delegate normally holds the title Apostolic Nuncio to Ethiopia and resides in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
The Holy See managed its affairs in Somalia through an Apostolic Delegation to the Red Sea Region established in 1969.
Pope John Paul II created the Delegation to Somalia on 26 March 1992 as part of the reorganization of that delegation into the Delegation to the Arabian Peninsula and several country-specific bodies.
Neag School of Education
The University of Connecticut (UConn) Neag School of Education offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in education, sport management, and leadership across four campuses, with the main campus located in Storrs, Connecticut.
The Storrs location is home to the Neag Center for Gifted Education and Talent Development, and additional locations are in Hartford, Waterbury, and Groton.
It is ranked number 16 among public graduate schools of education in the nation.
The schools' research and teaching programs have been funded by a wide number of institutions, such as the National Science Foundation and the Department of Education.
The Neag School of Education was founded in 1940 when the Connecticut Agricultural College became the University of Connecticut.
It is based in the Charles B. Gentry Building, which as built in 1960 in honor of the former director of the Division of Teacher Training and University President.
In 1999, the School of Education was renamed after Ray Neag, a businessman and graduate of UConn.
Neag was co-Vice Chairman of Arrow International, Inc., a leading manufacturer of medical devices.
The donation of $21 million is the largest gift given to an education school in the nation.
In 2000, the building underwent major reconstruction, and a 20,000-square-foot wing was added to the west side of the building.
The former deans of the School of Education are:
The Neag School of Education is home to three departments (Department of Curriculum & Instruction, Department of Educational Leadership, Department of Educational Psychology) and one center (Teacher Education)
The Department of Curriculum and Instruction offers Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctorate programs in curriculum and instruction for both pre-service and in-service educators.
The program does not offer a teacher credential, which is only offered through the Teacher Certification Program for College Graduates (TCPCG) program (see Teacher Education).
The undergraduate programs allow students to gain core competencies in teaching at all levels of education.
The graduate programs allow for more specialized knowledge in a content area (math, science, or social studies) to prepare for additional certification later on.
Doctoral programs allow students to pursue positions as professors or researchers in wide array of settings.
The two main research units are the New Literacies Research Lab, which is recognized as the world's premier labor for reading comprehension and learning skills required for emerging information and communication technologies, and the Reading/Language Arts Center, which facilitates the improvement of literacy instruction.
One particular focus of the program is strengthening Connecticut's investments in K-12 science programs and other STEM fields.
The Department of Educational Leadership connects theory, practice, and policy in a variety of academic programs, including educational leadership, education policy, executive leadership, and more.
The program is also hope to the university's Sport Management program, offering undergraduate, master's, and doctoral degrees.
The Teacher Education center offers two programs.
First, the Teacher Certification Program for College Graduates (TCPCG) is an 11-month, full-time, accelerated program that allows students to earn a Connecticut Teacher Certification and an MA in Curriculum and Instruction or MA in Educational Psychology.
Students are required to complete coursework in addition to passing all relevant PRAXIS II examinations, as required by the state.
Most recently, the program expanded to offer a track in Mandarin Chinese, in addition to its programs in French, Spanish, German, Italian, and Latin.
Second, the Integrated Bachelor’s/Master’s (IB/M) Program in Teacher Education is a five-year, advanced program for undergraduates.
Graduates of the program receive a Bachelor of Science in Education, a Master of Arts in Curriculum, and a Master of Arts in Educational Psychology (Special Education).
The accelerated track of the program allows for students to gain exposure to a number of areas within five years.
The IB/M program began in 1987 from conversations between the Holmes Group, John Goodlad, and the National Network for Educational Renewal.
The IB/M program offers courses of study in the following areas: Elementary Education (Grades 1–6), Secondary Education (Grades 7–12), Comprehensive Special Education (K–12), and Music Education (PK–12).
The program is built upon 6 key tenets which emphasize the common core of pedagogical knowledge required for all education majors, as well as clinical experience in a variety of environments.
In the first two years of the program, students complete a well-rounded liberal arts coursework.
In the Junior Year (known as the Common Core), students begin to take courses designed to help them learn about students as learners.
In the senior year of the program, students gain more specific pedagogical knowledge.
And, in the master's year, students gain clinic experience through an internship.
In 2007, 90.7% of the IB/M program was female.
The Neag School of Education is accredited by the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education (NCATE).
The accreditation covers teacher-preparation programs and advanced-education-preparation programs at the University of Connecticut and its regional campuses.
In five specialty programs (Special Education, Educational Administration, Educational Psychology, Elementary Education, and Secondary Education), the Neag School of Education is recognized as in the top 25 in the nation.
Considered a Public Ivy, the main campus of the University of Connecticut is located in Storrs and is considered one of the leading research universities in the United States.
The school aims to be diverse with the following demographics in the 2018–2019 academic year: White (64%), Unknown (9.5%), Hispanic/Latinx (8.5%), Black/African American (8%), Asian (6.5%), Two or more races (3.1%), American Indian/Alaska Native (0.3%), and Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander (0.1%).
The Neag School of Education promotes interdisciplinary research and education.
It works with five main research centers at the University of Connecticut: Research Centers Center for Behavioral Education and Research (CBER), Center for Education Policy Analysis (CEPA), Center on Postsecondary Education and Disability (CPED), Reading and Language Arts Center, and the Renzulli Center for Creativity, Gifted Education, and Talent Development.
It is also affiliated with the National Center for Research on Gifted Education (NCGRE), which is funded by the Department of Education.
Shire Hill Hospital
Shire Hill Hospital was a healthcare facility in Bute Street, Glossop, Derbyshire, England.
It was managed by Derbyshire Community Health Services NHS Foundation Trust.
The facility was opened as the Glossop Union Workhouse in 1837.
An infirmary building was subsequently added and extended in 1927.
During the First World War beds were set aside for British military casualties.
It became the Glossop Public Assistance Institution in 1930 and joined the National Health Service as Shire Hill Hospital in 1948.
The trust announced a consultation on the potential closure of the hospital in 2017.
After services were transferred to Tameside General Hospital, Shire Hill Hospital closed in 2018.
Kagwad (Vidhana Sabha constituency)
Kagwad (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is one of the 224 constituencies in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly of Karnataka a south state of India.
Kagwad is also part of Chikkodi Lok Sabha constituency.
Kahin Deep Jale Kahin Dil
"Kahin Deep Jale Kahin Dil" is an Indian song from the Bollywood film "Bees Saal Baad" (1962).
The lyrics of the song was written by Shakeel Badayuni, the music was composed by Hemanta Mukherjee and Lata Mangeshkar was the playback singer.
In 1963, Badayuni received the Filmfare Award for Best Lyricist and Lata Mangeshkar received the Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer for this song.
This was Mangeshkar's second Filmfare award.
"Bees Saal Baad" was a horror film.
The Filmfare critics noted: "Appropriate background music and hauntingly melodious songs, particularly, "kahin deep jale" number, further enhance the appeal of "Bees Saal Baad".
Jeremy Snyder
Jeremy Snyder is an American poet.
He serves as poet laureate of Vallejo, California.
Twice monthly he hosts Poetry by the Bay, a poetry open mic, founded in 2008 by Kyrah Ayers.
Snyder began writing poetry at age 5.
He was preceded in office by D.L.
Lang and Dr. Genea Brice.
Snyder was born in Vallejo, California, educated at the University of Montana, and served in the United States Navy.
Alan Titley
Alan Titley (born 28 June 1947, ) is an Irish-language novelist, translator, playwright and professor.
He also wrote columns under the name Crobhingne.
Titley was born in Cork and educated at Coláiste Chríost Rí, St. Patrick’s College, Drumcondra and University College Dublin.
He taught in Nigeria during the Biafra War.
Later he was head of the Irish Department in Drumcondra from 1981.
In 2003 he began to write a column in "The Irish Times".
In 2006 he was appointed Professor of Modern Irish in University College Cork.
He retired in 2011.
Titley was elected to the Royal Irish Academy in 2012.
Awards won include The Butler Prize of the Irish American Cultural Institute, The Pater Prize for International Drama, The Stewart Parker Award for Drama from the BBC, and the Éilís Dillon Award for Children’s Literature.
Nigel Williams (children's rights activist)
Nigel Williams (dead March 2006) was a children's rights activist, known for his engagement against child abuse on the internet.
In 1995, he founded the Childnet International.
In 2003, he was appointed as the first Northern Ireland Commissioner for Children and Young People, a position he held until his death.
In 1995, Williams founded and became the first CEO of Childnet International, a position he held until July 2003.
Under his leadership, Childnet took the initiative to found the INHOPE association.
He has also served on the boards of the Internet Watch Foundation and the Internet Content Rating Association.
In 2003, Williams became the first Commissioner for children and young people in Northern Ireland.
In spite of illness, he continued to uphold this position until his death in 2006.
In January 2006, just a few months before his demise, Williams was awarded the "IFIP-WG9.2 Namur Award", which was "to be accorded for an outstanding contribution with international impact to the awareness of social implications of information technology", "for his work on keeping children safe"".
840 Erzurum earthquake
The 840 Erzurum earthquake reportedly took place in the city of Qaliqala (modern Erzurum).
The primary source for this earthquake is the chronicle of Michael the Syrian (12th century).
The narrative reports that it took place on a Friday of the month June (Haziran in the original text).
Michael dates the event to year 1151 of the Seleucid era (Anno Graecorum), which corresponds to the year 840 Anno Domini.
According to Michael's narrative, eight towers of Erzurum's defensive wall collapsed due to the earthquake.
He also reports the collapse of many houses.
He estimates that about 200 people were killed by the earthquake.
Tremors continued for two months following the initial earthquakes, forcing the surviving locals to move to the city's fields.
They lived in fear of a second earthquake.
The Armenian epitome of Michael the Syrian's chronicle omits the earthquake.
The original chronicle features an unreliable chronology, so there are doubts concerning the date and location of this earthquake.
The city of Erzurum has been reconstructed several times.
No archaeological and architectural data have been connected to this earthquake.
Gheorghe Piţicaru
Gheorghe Piţicaru (born 30 May 1926) was a Romanian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Abi Tripp
Abigail "Abi" Tripp (born January 6, 2001) is a Canadian Paralympic swimmer.
She has won two bronze medals: one in the Commonwealth Games and the other in the World Para Swimming Championships.
Kamineni Eswara Rao
Kamineni Eswara Rao (26 August 1918 – 7 November 2007) was an Indian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Jens Jørn Mortensen
Jens Jørn Mortensen (born 23 February 1927) was a Danish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Bruno Barabani
Bruno Barabani (born 26 July 1932) is a Brazilian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics, the 1956 Summer Olympics and the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Jørgen Barth-Jørgensen
Jørgen Barth-Jørgensen (born 15 February 1932) is a Norwegian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Jorge Soto (weightlifter)
Jorge Soto (24 December 1921 – 24 December 1973) was a Puerto Rican weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Etienne Truteau
Étienne Truteau (1642–1712) was an early French pioneer to emigrate to New France, that later became Canada.
He was involved with the colonization and development of the area of New France that is now Montreal, Longueuil and St. Lambert.
He was a master carpenter, wheelwright and a notable soldier.
Étienne Truteau was born in La Rochelle, France on June 8, 1642 to François Truteau, a master stone mason, and Catherine Matinier.
He emigrated to Quebec on September 7, 1659.
In 1663 he was hired as a master-carpenter by the Compagnie des Prêtres de Saint-Sulpice.
He married Adrirenne Barbier dit le Minime in 1667, and they had fourteen children.
On March 12, 1675 he was given a land grant by Lord Charles Le Moyne.
His third son, François Trudeau (1673–1739) emigrated to French Louisiana.
He is best known for fighting for the colony as a militia man, in particular a battle with the Iroquois in 1662 during the establishment of the colony.
In 1663, he enlisted in the 6th squadron of the Militia de la Sanite-Famille, that was headed by Governor Paul Chomedey de Maisoneuve.
He is the patronymic ancestor of the Trudeau family (Truteau) of North America including the American politician Charles Laveau Trudeau, Zénon Trudeau and Candian prime ministers Pierre Trudeau and Justin Trudeau.
He died on July 22, 1712.
A park in Longueuil, Quebec is named after him, Étienne Truteau Park, a street in Notre Dame de Î'lle Perrot, Quebec, is named for him, rue Étienne Trudeau, and in Saint Lambert, Quebec, the road, avenue Etienne Truteau is named for him.
Börje Jeppsson
Börje Jeppsson (14 February 1929 – 19 February 2013) was a Swedish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Kai Outa
Kai Outa (22 September 1930 – 5 March 2002) was a Finnish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Razak Abalora
Razak Abalora (born 4 September 1996) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for the Tanzanian club Azam as a goalkeeper.
Abalora joined the Feyenoord Academy and went on to spend three years before joining the senior team now called WAFA.
Abalora spent the next five years at the Ghanaian League powerhouse before he moved to Azam.
He joined Azam on a three year deal in July 2017.
Razak earned his first cap for Ghana on 19 October 2019.
He was part of the squad that appeared in the 2021 African Cup of Nations qualifying matches against South Africa, São Tomé and Príncipe.
Azam FC
Azam FC
Luciano Zardi
Luciano Zardi (born 15 September 1930) is an Italian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Theunis Jonck
Theunis Jonck (24 January 1926 – 6 April 2012) was a South African weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Boris Schommers
Boris Schommers (born 19 January 1979) is a German football manager who currently manages 1.
FC Kaiserslautern.
Schommers has been working in 1.
FC Köln's youth department since 2006.
At the beginning of the 2010–11 season, he was appointed coach of the under-17 squad and led them to an Under 17 Bundesliga championship in his first year.
He coached the team for two more seasons before taking over the under-19 squad in the 2013–14 season.
In 2015, Schommers completed his UEFA Pro Licence.
At the beginning of the 2017–18 2.
Bundesliga season, Schommers was appointed as assistant manager under Michael Köllner at 1.
FC Nürnberg.
Together, they were promoted to the Bundesliga.
After 21 matchdays in the 2018–19 season, the club was in last place with 12 points, which led to Köllner being sacked and Schommers taking over as interim coach.
Under Schommers, the team gained 7 points until the 33rd matchday, which meant that they were assured of relegation one matchday before the end of the season.
Before the last matchday, 1.
FC Nürnberg announced that Schommers would leave the club at the end of the season.
The club finally completed the season in last place with 19 points.
On 19 September 2019, Schommers was appointed as manager of 3.
Liga team 1.
FC Kaiserslautern.
He replaced Sascha Hildmann, who had been sacked after Kaiserslautern was only placed 14th with nine points after eight matchdays.
Francisco Rensonnet
Francisco Rensonnet (born 1925) was an Argentine weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
List of Azerbaijan football transfers winter 2019–20
This is a list of Azerbaijan football transfers in the winter transfer window, 7 January - 3 February 2020, by club.
Only clubs of the 2019–20 Azerbaijan Premier League are included.
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
You Still Get to Me in My Dreams
"You Still Get to My Dreams" is a song written by A.L.
"Doodle" Owens and Bill Shore.
It was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single in July 1982 and became a top 20 hit on the "Billboard" country songs chart.
"You Still Get to Me in My Dreams" was recorded at Woodland Studios, located in Nashville, Tennessee.
The recording session was produced by George Richey, Wynette's husband and musical collaborator.
It was the first recording session of Wynette's to be produced by Richey.
Previous recording sessions were mostly produced by Billy Sherrill, Wynette's long-time producer at Epic Records.
The session included several more tracks that would appear on Wynette's 1982 studio album.
Notable session musicians included Charlie McCoy playing the harmonica and Pete Wade playing guitar.
The song reached number 16 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
It was released on her 1982 studio album "Soft Touch".
Terry Coner
Terry Bernard Coner (born November 7, 1964) is an American basketball coach and former professional player.
He was named Alabama Mr. Basketball while attending Phillips High School in Birmingham, Alabama.
Coner played college basketball for the Alabama Crimson Tide for four seasons.
At the conclusion of his collegiate career, it was determined he had been collegiately ineligible due to making contact with an agent while still enrolled.
Coner was selected by the Atlanta Hawks as the 44th overall pick of the 1987 NBA draft.
He spent his first professional season with the Savannah Spirits of the Continental Basketball Association.
Coner then played professionally in Argentina and Europe.
Muhammad bin Muslim
Muḥammad ibn Muslim al-Thaqafī al-Kūfī (Arabic: محمد بن مسلم الثقفي الكوفي) (d. 150/767-768) was a prominent companion of Muhammad al Baqir and al-sadiq and one of the "People of Consensus" (Ashab al-ijma).
The scholars of rijal regard him as the most learned jurist among Shia hadith transmitters.
According to a hadith from Jafar al-Sadiq, Muhammad b. Muslim was one of the revivers of the teachings of Muhammad al-Baqir.
Muhammad was born in Kufa.
He was a mawla of the tribe of Thaqif and his kunya was Abu Ja'far.
In rijal sources, several epithets has been attributed to him, including al-Awqas, al-A'war, al-Haddaj, al-Qasir, al-Tahhan, al-Samman, al-Ta'ifi, and al-Thaqafi.
Muhammad studied under Muhammad al-Baqir in Medina for four years.
According to a report, Jafar al-Sadiq counted Muhammad among the trustees of his father, al-Baqir, in matters of religion and a protector of the Shia.
al-Sadiq would refer the people who were not able to stay in contact with himself to Muhammad.
According to a hadith, the Jafar al-Sadiq said about Muhammad that "None of the Shia were more knowledgeable in fiqh than Muhammad.
It is reported that great Sunni figures such as Abu Hanifa would refer to him in scholarly issues.
He heard thirty-thousand hadiths from al-Baqir and sixteen thousand hadiths from Imam al-Sadiq.
Steven Peck
Steven Peck may refer to:
Mamera station
Mamera is a Caracas Metro station on Line 2.
It was opened on 4 October 1987 as part of the inaugural section of Line 2 from La Paz to Las Adjuntas and Zoológico.
Here, the line branches into two.
The previous station is Antímano, the next station in the direction Zoológico is Caricuao, the next station in the direction Las Adjuntas is Ruiz Pineda.
Arthur Barnby
Arthur Charles Barnby (10 September 1881 – 30 October 1937) was an English first-class cricketer, who served as an officer in both the Royal Marines and the Royal Naval Air Service.
Born at Westminster in September 1881, Barnby was commissioned into the Royal Marines as a second lieutenant.
He was promoted to lieutenant in July 1901, with promotion to captain coming a decade later in September 1911.
Barnby made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy Cricket Club against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1913.
Batting twice in the match, he was dismissed without scoring in the Royal Navy first-innings by Harold Fawcus, while in their second-innings he scored a single unbeaten run.
He served in the First World War, and as an early aviator who had held an aviation licence since 1913, he was seconded to the newly formed Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS), where he held the rank of flight commander.
He was promoted to squadron commander in May 1915, which resulted in him concurrently being made a temporary major in the marines.
He was made a full major in June 1917, having completed sixteen years services.
He was promoted to wing commander in the RNAS in December 1917, resulting in him being granted the temporary rank of lieutenant colonel in the marines.
Following the end of the war, Barnby relinquished his commission in the RNAS and returned to the marines as a major.
He was made an OBE in the 1926 Birthday Honours.
Barnby was appointed a barrackmaster and promoted to lieutenant colonel in August 1929, however he reverted back to major at his own request in October 1930.
He was again promoted to lieutenant colonel in April 1931, before being placed on the retired list on account of old age in September 1933, at which point he was granted the rank of colonel.
Barnby died suddenly at Rochester Airport in October 1937.
Heidi Pasichow
Heidi M. Pasichow is an Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
Anderson earned her Bachelor of Arts from George Washington University in 1977, and her Juris Doctor from Washington College of Law in 1981.
After graduating, she clerked for judge Sylvia Bacon of the D.C. Superior Court from 1983 to 1985.
On December 5, 2006, President George W. Bush nominated her to be an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
Her nomination expired on December 9, 2006, with the end of the 109th United States Congress.
President George W. Bush renominated her on January 9, 2007, to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia to the seat vacated by Anna Blackburne-Rigsby.
On July 23, 2008, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on her nomination.
On July 30, 2008, the Committee reported her nomination favorably to the senate floor.
On August 1, 2008, the full Senate confirmed her nomination by voice vote.
She was sworn in on August 25, 2008.
Thomas Phleps
Thomas Phleps (2 September 1955 – 5 June 2017) was a German guitarist and musicologist.
Born in Bad Hersfeld, Phleps studieded at the Philipps-Universität Marburg and the University of Kassel and completed his studies in 1981 and 1983 respectively with state examinations for the teaching profession in the subjects music, German and philosophy.
Since 1983 he has been a lecturer for musicology and guitar in Kassel.
He received his doctorate in 1987 with the work "Hanns Eisler's "Deutsche Sinfonie".
A contribution to the aesthetics of resistance".
Initially Phleps worked as a stage musician at the Staatstheater Kassel.
Since 1989 he worked as a teacher in Bad Arolsen.
In 1995 he was appointed to the University of Giessen.
In 2000 he habilitated there in the fields of musicology and music education.
From 2001 to 2003 he was professor for music education at the University of Bremen, and since 2003 in Gießen.
From 2010 Phleps was the editor-in-chief of the "Hanns Eisler Complete Edition".
Pfleps died on June 5, 2017 at the age of 61 in Kassel of a heart attack.
A Good Night's Love
"A Good Night's Love" is a song written by Tim DuBois and Chester Lester.
It originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single in November 1982 and became a top 20 hit on the "Billboard" country songs chart.
"A Good Night's Love" was recorded in September 1982 at Woodland Studios, located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Other songs recorded during the same session would later appear on Wynette's 1983 studio album.
The song was produced by George Richey, Wynette's collaborator and husband.
It was the second of Wynette's session to be produced by Richey.
Other notable musicians that appeared on the recording were Pete Wade playing guitar and country artist Judy Rodman performing background vocals.
The song reached number 19 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
It was released on her 1983 studio album "Good Love & Heartbreak".
2019 attacks on Burkina Faso
In 2019 there have been many attacks in Burkina Faso on both soldiers and civilians.
On 28 April 2019, a pastor, his two sons and two worshippers were killed at a Protestant church in Silgadji.
On 12 May 2019, at least 20 attackers shot dead six people in a church in Dablo Department, Sanmatenga Province, Centre-Nord Region.
They then set fire to the church, a shop and two vehicles.
On 8 September 2019 in the Sanmatenga Province, Burkina Faso.
In the Barsalogho Department a vehicle transporting people and goods, that was returning from a market, drove over an improvised explosive device (IED).
15 passengers were killed and six were injured in the IED attack.
Most of the victims were traders.
Meanwhile, around 50km to the east, a convoy with vans carrying provisions for people displaced by fighting was attacked by gunmen.
In this attack, 14 people were killed.
It is unknown who carried out this attacks.
The attack on the Burkina Faso Mosque occurred on the evening of Friday, 11 October 2019 in a mosque in northern Burkina Faso which left 16 people dead and two injured.
It happened while the residents were praying inside the Grand Mosque in Salmossi, a village close to the border with Mali.
"AFP" reported that 13 people died on the spot while 3 died later due to the injuries.
A mass shooting in Pobé Mengao killed 16 civilians.
On 6 November 2019, gunmen ambushed a convoy transporting workers of the Canadian mining firm Semafo near the city of Fada N'gourma, on a road to the firm's Boungou mine.
At least 37 people were killed, and dozens more are missing or injured.
On 1 December 2019, 14 people were killed at a Protestant church in Hantoukoura, Est Region.
On 24 December 2019, a large group of militants on motorcycles attacked civilians and a military base in Arbinda, Soum Province, Burkina Faso.
The attack and subsequent battle lasted several hours, resulting in the deaths of 35 civilians, 7 soldiers and 80 attackers.
The attack was one of Burkina Faso's deadliest.
A 48 hour state of mourning was declared after the attack.
Forbidden Daughters
Forbidden Daughters is a 1927 American silent black & white short erotic-drama film directed by prominent nude photographer Albert Arthur Allen.
This is the only known movie directed by Allen who, otherwise, was famous by his work as a photographer of nude female models.
Alva receives news from her long-lost husband, Russell, and goes to Africa in search of him.
There, she finds that her husband is being "held prisoner" by a naked native princess, called Loma.
Now, in order to bring Russell back home, Alva must show that she's better than the princess.
Swedish Junior Curling Championships
The Swedish Junior Curling Championships () is an annual curling tournament held to determine the best junior-level men's and women's curling teams in Sweden.
Junior level curlers must be under the age of 21 as of June 30 in the year prior to the tournament.
It has been held annually since the 1966-1967 season for junior men and the 1972-1973 season for junior women; the championship events are organized by the Swedish Curling Association ().
Valdemar de Silveira
Valdemar de Silveira (born 9 March 1916) was a Brazilian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Adelfino Mancinelli
Adelfino Mancinelli (born 2 February 1908) was an Italian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Solorio
Solorio is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Mirza Dinnayi
Mirza Dinnayi (; born 1973) — Iraqi writer and Yazidi social activist, Aurora Humanitarian Award 2019 laureate.
Mirza Dinnayi is known as the director and co-founder of the Luftbrücke Irak, an organization which helps Yazidi victims of the Iraq war, rescues women and children from the ISIS-controlled territories and transfers them to Germany, where they receive medical care.
Mirza Dinnayi was born in Sinjar, Iraq.
His father Hasan Ali Aga was the chief of the Yazidi Dinnayi tribe.
Since school Mirza started writing on Yazidi troubled state in Iraq.
Later, as a student of the Medical faculty, he joined students’ opposition to Saddam Hussein and his statecraft.
In 1992 he had to flee to Iraqi Kurdistan.
During the Iraqi Kurdish Civil War Mirza Dinnayi applied for political asylum in Germany.
Soon, he became a prominent member of the Yazidi expatriate community.
After the 2003 USA invasion of Iraq and Hussein’s fall, Dinnayi was offered a post of the presidential adviser for minority rights to Jalal Talabani.
Mirza worked in this position for almost a year.
On August 14, 2007, two suicide bombers set off car bombs in two Yazidi towns near Mosul.
Mirza Dinnayi initiated the fundraising company for the victims and asked his friends from Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung newspaper to print the call for help.
Two german hospitals acceded, offering free of charge medical help to the injured children.
The main issue was their transfer to Germany as the children were coming from poor families and had no documents.
After the first mission, Dinnayi realized there were no charity organizations that worked with the Iraqi.
This idea inspired him to establish Air Bridge Iraq ().
Its name was taken after , a West Berlin rescue mission in the World War II.
In 2007-2014 Luftbrücke Irak helped 150 children and women to find asylum and get medical help in Germany.
In early August 2014, ISIS soldiers occupied Sinjar.
The Yazidi escaped to the Sinjar Mountains.
Mirza Dinnayi was one of the persons, who persuaded the Iraq prime minister to evacuate the civilians by helicopters.
Dinnayi himself guided the pilots, who didn’t know the local terrain.
On the 12th of August, 2014, the Mi-7 helicopter with Dinnayi on board crashed in a few minutes after the ascent.
With the broken leg and ribs, Mirza Dinnayi survived and was transported to Germany.
Shortly afterward, in a wheelchair he returned to Iraq - to visit rescue camp in Khanke.
In the rescue camp Dinnayi found out that the Yazidi women, saved from sexual slavery in ISIS, suffered from double psychological trauma - apart from the abuse itself, they experienced severe condemnation from the conservative Yazidi society.
Mirza Dinnayi arranged the evacuation to Germany, where the specialist helped the victims to deal with severe depressions, anxiety attacks, self-imposed isolation, insomnia, and suicidal ideations.
More than a thousand women and children were transferred to Germany, including future social rights activist and the Sakharov Prize winner Lamiya Haji Bashar.
In April 2016 Winfried Kretschmann, the prime minister of Baden-Württemberg, awarded Mirza Dinnayi with golden Staufer Medal for Humanitarian Service.
In October 2019 Dinnayi received the Aurora Award for Awakening Humanity.
As the laureate, he could choose 3 organizations to share the $1 mln prize.
Dinnayi picked Air Bridge Iraq, SEED Foundation and the Shai Fund.
Lage Andersson
Lage Andersson (31 May 1920 – 14 October 1999) was a Swedish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Ediel López Falcón
Ediel López Falcón (born 1973/1974), also known as La Muela or Metro 5, is a Mexican convicted drug lord and former high-ranking member of the Gulf Cartel, a criminal group based in Tamaulipas, Mexico.
He was the regional boss of Miguel Alemán and helped coordinate international drug trafficking shipments from South and Central America to Mexico and the U.S. His roles in the cartel were also to coordinate oil theft operations.
In 2012, he was indicted by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia for drug trafficking activities.
After fleeing Mexico to avoid gang-related violence, López Falcón was arrested in Texas during a sting operation in 2013.
He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 years in prison in 2015.
He is currently imprisoned at the Federal Correctional Institution in Ray Brook, New York.
His expected release date is in 2029.
Ediel López Falcón was born in in Mexico.
He was a high-ranking member of the Gulf Cartel, a criminal group based in Tamaulipas, Mexico.
He worked under a faction known as Los Metros.
His code name was "Metro 5" ("M-5").
López Falcón also went by the alias "La Muela" ().
López Falcón rose through the ranks of the cartel after several of his bosses were arrested or killed in the 2010s.
He became the regional boss of Miguel Alemán, a city across the U.S.-Mexico border from Roma, Texas, from where he oversaw drug trafficking operations from Tamaulipas to Texas, and oil theft operations.
In 2010, the Gulf Cartel and their former paramilitary group Los Zetas broke ties, triggering high levels of gang violence across Mexico.
In 2011, Gulf Cartel members killed Los Metros chief Samuel Flores Borrego ("Metro 3"), which intensified the violence, starting a series of internal battles within the cartel.
Several members of the Gulf Cartel were arrested or killed during this time, while others, like López Falcón, sought for safe haven and relocated to the U.S with their families.
According to a sealed indictment sworn in by a grand jury of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (D.D.C.)
on 7 May 2012, sometime in or around 2000 and up until February 2010, López Falcón and other members of the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas conspired with intent to distribute at least of cocaine and of marijuana into the U.S. from Colombia, Panama, Guatemala, Mexico and elsewhere.
This information was legally gathered by U.S. officials who intercepted López Falcón's phone conversations with other drug traffickers, where he discussed cocaine and marijuana shipments, procurement of firearms, and the smuggling of bulk cash.
For his drug charges, López Falcón was ordered to forfeit all money and properties derived from these drug proceeds, as well as any properties used to facilitate his operations.
If such properties could not be located, were sold or transferred to a third-party, or largely diminished in value, López Falcón was ordered to forfeit other assets to make up for the total amount of said property.
This indictment was unsealed in court on 9 May 2013.
On 18 September 2015, López Falcón was arrested by U.S. authorities when walking out of a PlainsCapital Bank in Pharr, Texas.
He was arrested as part of a sting operation that originated from an indictment issued by the D.D.C.
against Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas leaders for their involvement in drug trafficking.
On 25 September, an identity verification hearing was held before judge Dorina Ramos in McAllen to prove the man in question was indeed López Falcón.
The confusion arose after López Falcón was identified as Ediel López García at the moment of his arrest, which meant his name did not match the individual charged in the D.D.C indictment.
In addition, the name in his indictment was nearly identical to that of former deceased cartel leader Edelio López Falcón ("El Yeyo"), who was also the regional leader of Miguel Alemán.
His moniker "La Muela" was also used by Jaime or Javier Alejandro Pérez, another Gulf Cartel member in Matamoros wanted on U.S. drug charges.
During the identity hearing, the prosecution asked a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) agent to confirm López Falcón's identity.
The agent responded he was not leading the case and could not testify against López Falcón.
He said the lead agent was based in Washington, D.C.
The agent present in court confirmed they had information that López Falcón was involved in trafficking several tons of narcotics into the U.S.
He said his identification was done after the Mexican Armed Forces shared a picture of him to the DEA after a clash between the military and cartel members in Nuevo Laredo.
When the judge asked for the picture, the agent said he did not have it with him.
López Falcón's attorney Arnulfo Guerra asked the agent multiple questions, including why the DEA had confused López Falcón's name with Ediel López García.
The agent responded the man was "Ediel López, La Muela".
Guerra responded by questioning the agent further and saying there are several people in Matamoros and along the border who call themselves La Muela.
The judge was not satisfied with the agent's answers and postponed the hearing for 27 September.
She asked the agent to come prepared for the hearing with evidence to present and to bring the lead agent to testify in court if he could.
On 3 February 2015, López Falcón pleaded guilty to conspiracy to smuggle cocaine and marijuana into the U.S. before the D.D.C federal judge Barbara Jacobs Rothstein.
In his guilty plea, López Falcón admitted he was a member of La Compañía (), a name that collectively referred to the co-organization of the Gulf Cartel and its former paramilitary group Los Zetas.
He said his criminal organization was responsible for smuggling many tons of cocaine and marijuana from Mexico to the U.S. and that he was directly involved in this process, as well as smuggling the cash proceeds back into Mexico.
He also confirmed Los Zetas acted as the paramilitary wing of the Gulf Cartel, and that its members were mostly ex-military members who acted as enforcers and hitmen for the cartel in their region and against rival gangsters.
On 31 July 2015, López Falcón was sentenced to 18 years in prison for conspiracy to smuggle cocaine and marijuana into the U.S.
The D.D.C also ordered him to forfeit US$15 billion; the court stated this was the total gross profits the Gulf Cartel made in drug proceeds from its smuggling centers across the U.S.-Mexico border during López Falcón's tenure.
A few years after his sentencing, Mexican officials discussed the possibility of passing a law in Mexico permitting them to formally request the U.S. government for fifty percent of the earnings seized from a Mexican national convicted in the US in order to invest that money into their law enforcement agencies.
López Falcón is currently serving his sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution, Ray Brook in Essex County, New York.
His expected release date is on 27 September 2029.
The investigation against López Falcón and other co-conspirators was headed by the DEA's field office in Houston and the DEA Bilateral Investigation Unit.
It was part of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force (OCDETF) program.
The prosecution attorney was Adrián Rosales, who was part of the U.S. Department of Justice Criminal Division's Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section.
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell and DEA Administrator Chuck Rosenberg were the first to announce of López Falcón's conviction.
Franz Hölbl
Franz Hölbl (born 27 December 1927) was an Austrian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Norberto Ferreira
Norberto Ferreira (born 5 April 1919) was an Argentine weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Battle of Pookkottur
Battle of Pookkottur was one of the battles that the Mappilas of Malabar fought against British army during anti-colonial struggles in 1921 in Malabar province of Northern Kerala.
The battle took place on 26 August 1921 in Pookkottur under the leadership of Vadakkuveettil Mammad for the force of Variyan Kunnathu Kunjahammed Haji while Cuthbert Buxton Lancaster and Captain P McEnroy were leading the British force.
Battle of Pookkottur adorns an important role in Malabar rebellion.
The Khilafat movement was much popular in Pookkottur, Malappuram, Kerala.
After the outbreak of Malabar rebellion in 1921 the British army and police were forced to retreat from these areas.
A group of British officials stuck in Malabar, including Malappuram district Magistrate Austin.
They asked the district administration to bring force for their rescue.
The force left Kozhikkode to Pokkottur in 22 Lorries and 25 cycles under Captain McEnroy and CB Lancaster.
This information reached to Kunjahammed Haji and he discussed the matter with Pookkottur leaders including Vadakkuvettil Mammad and Kunji Thangal.
They decided to attack the British army at Pookkottur.
Rebels prepared themselves for war under the leadership of Mammad.
On 1921 August 21 morning, rebels reached the spot, British force came in 22 Lorries and 25 cycles.
The rebels' strategy was to let their lorries enter till they reach Pilakkal, then to besiege them from all the sides.
But Parancheri Kunjarammutty who was not present in the last meeting of the rebels did not know this strategy, Kunjarammutty who was hiding behind the heap of soil opened the fire at the first lorry while there were only two or three Lorries reached the field.
Hearing the gunshots, the army reversed the lorries.
They threw smoke bombs to all the sides.
Due to smoke rebels couldn't aim their guns properly.
Bullets lost their targets.
Still, they made heavy casualties to the military.
Behind the veil of smoke, the military made to set machine guns to fire.
When the smoke subsided, about ten soldiers walked on the road by foot towards Pilakkal.
Without knowing that this was a trap, rebels came forward to capture them.
Soldiers suddenly turned back and hid behind the machine guns and started firing.
The rebels who followed them were killed.
This round of firing happened two times and a number of rebels got killed.
Kunjarammutty, who opened fire at the first with other rebels, came out on the field with swords when they had no more bullets in stock and they fought unto their last breath.
Vadakkuveetil Mammad, the commander of rebels also was killed.
The war continued for more than 3 hours and 400 rebels had to give their blood while only four died from the British side as per the official documents, but the eyewitness A Muhammed in his book "Swathandrasmaranakal" (Malayalam) says that he has seen the two lorries going to Westhill, Kozhikode which contained many dead bodies including injured soldiers.
After the battle was fought, the army was on the way to Malappuram with Superindent of Police Cuthbert Buxton Lancaster (Lancaster was the son of a Leader in Church of England) and four soldiers in a lorry at the front.
At Kummalippadi, a Mappila rebel, Mankara Thodiyil Kunjahmmed climbed on a tree and threw a grenade into the lorry in which police and soldiers were travelling.
Lancaster and several soldiers were killed on the spot.
Ice hockey at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics – Girls' 3x3 mixed tournament
The girls' 3x3 mixed ice hockey tournament at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics was held from 10 to 15 January at the Vaudoise aréna in Lausanne, Switzerland.
"All times are local (UTC+1)."
Blechnum occidentale
Blechnum occidentale is a fern in the family Blechnaceae.
Its native range is from Mexico through Central America and the Caribbean to tropical South America.
"Blechnum scaberulum" and "Blechnum sodiroi" have been regarded as separate species, but are now regarded as synonyms of "Blechnum occidentale".
Awakebutstillinbed
Awakebutstillinbed, stylized as awakebutstillinbed, and abbreviated as absib, is the solo project of American musician Shannon Taylor.
Taylor (born November 13, 1991) grew up in Mesquite, Texas, a suburb of Dallas, Texas.
Taylor later moved from Mesquite to York, Pennsylvania with her family at the age of fifteen.
Later, Taylor moved to San Jose, California, where she currently resides.
In January 2018, Taylor released her first full-length album as awakebutstillinbed titled "What People Call Low Self-Esteem Is Really Just Seeing Yourself the Way That Other People See You".
The album was re-released on Tiny Engines upon Taylor's signing with the label in February.
The album receivedf a 7.7 out of 10 rating from Pitchfork.
The album was featured at number 98 on Brooklyn Vegan's list titled "100 Best Punk & Emo Albums of the 2010s".
Studio albums
Your Love (Tammy Wynette song)
"Your Love" is a song written by Beckie Foster and Tommy Rocco.
It was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single in June 1987 and became a top 20 hit on the "Billboard" country songs chart.
"Your Love" was recorded in March 1987 in Nashville, Tennessee.
The recording session included additional tracks that would later appear on Wynette's 1987 album.
Although not officially credited on the single release, "Your Love" featured harmony vocals from Ricky Skaggs.
The session included several other notable artists performing on background vocals as well.
The session was produced by Steve Buckingham.
The song reached number 12 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
"Your Love" became Wynette's first single to become a major hit since 1985's "Sometimes When We Touch".
It was released on her 1987 studio album "Higher Ground".
Domenico Maria Marchese
Domenico Maria Marchese, O.P.
(1633–1692) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Pozzuoli (1688–1692).
Domenico Maria Marchese was born on 2 Mar 1633 in Naples, Italy and ordained a priest in the Order of Preachers.
On 31 May 1688, he was appointed Bishop of Pozzuoli by Pope Innocent XI.
On 31 May 1688, he was consecrated bishop by Galeazzo Marescotti, Cardinal-Priest of Santi Quirico e Giulitta, with Pietro de Torres, Archbishop of Dubrovnik, and Pier Antonio Capobianco, Bishop Emeritus of Lacedonia, serving as co-consecrators.
He served as Bishop of Pozzuoli until his death in May 1692.
Katherine E. Price
Katherine E. Price, Countess of the Holy Roman Church was an American philanthropist and patroness of various Catholic institutions.
She was ennobled in 1936 by Pope Pius XI, and became a papal countess.
Price was the wife of Lucian B.
Price.
After her husband's death she became an active philanthropist, funding the construction of Catholic churches, schools, and other institutions in the United States.
She was a distant cousin of Bishop Eugene J. McGuinness.
A patroness of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Amarillo, Price donated funds to St. George's College to prevent the school from closing.
It was renamed the Price Memorial College in honor of her late husband.
Price traveled from her home in Greenwich, Connecticut to Texas for the dedication ceremony.
Price was also responsible for funding the construction of St. Elizabeth's Catholic Church in Lubbock, Texas, St. Catherine of Siena Catholic Church in Pauls Valley, Oklahoma, and St. Catherine of Siena Catholic Church in Wake Forest, North Carolina.
The latter two churches were named after Price's patron saint, Catherine of Siena.
In April 1936 Price was elevated into the Nobility of the Holy See and made a papal countess by Pope Pius XI.
Khusniddin Norbekov
Khusniddin Norbekov is a male Uzbekistani Paralympic athlete with cerebral palsy.
He represented Uzbekistan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
In total he won two medals, both at the 2016 Summer Paralympics: the gold medal in the men's discus throw F37 and the bronze medal in the men's shot put F37 event.
In 2019 he qualified to represent Uzbekistan at the 2020 Summer Paralympics after winning the gold medal in the men's shot put F35 event at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
He also set a new world record in this event.
At the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships he won the silver medal in the men's shot put F37 event.
Talkin' to Myself Again
"Talkin' to Myself Again" is a song written by Jamie O'Hara that was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single in November 1987 and became a top 20 hit on the "Billboard" country songs chart.
"Talkin' to Myself gain" was recorded in March 1987 in Nashville, Tennessee.
The recording session included additional tracks that would later appear on Wynette's 1987 album.
Although not officially credited on the single release, it featured harmony vocals from The O'Kanes.
The session included several other notable artists performing on background vocals as well.
The session was produced by Steve Buckingham.
The song reached number 16 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
"Talkin' to Myself Again" became Wynette's second single to become a major hit since 1985's "Sometimes When We Touch".
It was released on her 1987 studio album "Higher Ground".
Dendromaia
Dendromaia is an extinct genus of varanopid from the Carboniferous of Nova Scotia.
It contains a single species, Dendromaia unamakiensis.
"Dendromaia" is the oldest known varanopid and the only member of the family to be discovered in Nova Scotia.
Known from a large partial skeleton preserved with its tail wrapped around a much smaller partial skeleton, "Dendromaia" may also represent the oldest known occurrence of parental care in the fossil record.
While the larger skeleton possessed certain mycterosaurine-like features, the smaller skeleton resembled basal varanopids such as "Archaeovenator" and "Pyozia", creating uncertainty over whether characteristics at the base of Varanopidae have legitimate phylogenetic significance or instead reflect the immaturity of basal varanopid specimens.
"Dendromaia unamakiensis" is known from a slab and counterslab containing two skeletons.
The specimen, NSM017GF020.001, was discovered in a petrified lycopod stump at Point Aconi on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia.
This site is part of the Sydney Mines Formation, which is dated to the late Moscovian stage of the Carboniferous period, 309-306 million years ago.
""Dendromaia"" roughly translates to "the mother in the tree", according to its discovery in a stump and proposed parental care.
The specific name references Unama'kik, the Mi'kmaq name for Cape Breton Island.
The genus and species were described by Hillary Maddin, Arjan Mann, and Brian Hebert in 2019.
Hebert had discovered the specimen in 2017.
The two skeletons had different sizes and preserved different areas, with the larger skeleton (designated the holotype) incorporating a large portion of the rear half of the body and the smaller skeleton (designated the paratype) including a skull and only fragments of the postcranium, 1/4th the size of the larger one.
These skeletons were inferred to represent two individuals of a single new taxon based on their similar overlapping anatomy, apparent varanopid ancestry, close association, and the fact that there are no other varanopids known from Nova Scotia.
The 6 preserved dorsal vertebrae of the larger skeleton were among the most characteristic bones in the animal.
They shared several traits with "Mycterosaurus", such as tall rectangular neural spines with slight depressions at their base.
However, the rib facets at the tip of the transverse processes were not vertical, but instead oriented diagonally.
Like other non-varanodontine varanopids, the lower edge of each centrum had a rounded keel.
10 incomplete caudal vertebrae preserved on the counterpart were elongated and had low neural spines.
Holocephalous (single-headed) ribs and "Heleosaurus"-like gastralia were also present, though osteoderms were seemingly absent.
The plate-like bones composing the pelvis were not fused to each other, and "Dendromaia" had a large pubic foramen like that of "Heleosaurus".
The femur was lightly-built and twisted, similar to mycterosaurines.
The rest of the leg and foot was present but incomplete.
The larger specimen may have been 20 to 30 centimeters (7.9-12 inches) long from the tip of the snout to the base of the tail, and its full tail length is unknown but likely elongated.
The small skeleton's poorly-preserved skull was triangular and pointed like those of "Archaeovenator", "Pyozia", and "Heleosaurus".
It had thin, curved teeth on the maxilla (without a canine region) and smaller teeth on the palate, which also possessed a varanopid-like pterygoid and cultriform process.
Isolated hyoid bones were also identifiable.
Like the larger skeleton, the small skeleton's vertebrae had a rounded keel on their underside.
It also possessed several limb bone fragments, including a twisted humerus.
"Dendromaia" is the oldest member of a family of amniotes known as varanopids.
Varanopids are traditionally considered early synapsids (part of the lineage of amniotes leading to mammals), although some studies alternatively propose that they are diapsid reptiles related to "Orovenator".
The describers of "Dendromaia" prefer a position for varanopids among synapsids, citing both biological characteristics (parental care) and arguing that traits which link varanopids to diapsids may be based on oversampling of juvenile specimens at the base of Varanopidae.
To investigate the position of "Dendromaia" among other varanopids, the describers adapted a phylogenetic analysis matrix previously utilized by Brocklehurst & Fröbisch (2018).
The resulting strict consensus tree (average result of most parsimonious trees) of the parsimony analysis placed "Dendromaia" in a polytomy near the base of Varanopidae, along with "Pyozia" and a clade which forks into Varanodontinae and Mycterosaurinae.
The Bayesian analysis recovers a similar result, albeit with the polytomy resolved, placing "Dendromaia" as the sister taxon to "Pyozia".
The following cladogram is based on the results of the Bayesian analysis in Maddin, Mann, & Hebert (2019):
The delicate preservation of the skeletons indicated that they likely died and were quickly buried at the same place and time.
They were positioned with the smaller skeleton encircled by the tail of the larger skeleton.
These taphonomic qualities led the paleontologists who described them to propose that the two skeletons were denning together under the roots of a lycopod tree, with the smaller skeleton likely representing the offspring of the larger skeleton.
This may be the oldest fossil evidence of parental care, predating the previously oldest evidence, an aggregation of varanopids from the Permian of South Africa which may represent their own species ("Microvaranops parentis") or specimens of "Heleosaurus scholtzi".
On the other hand, it remains a possibility that the two skeletons were not close relatives, and instead simply sheltered from a storm in the same stump.
The anatomy of the juvenile "Dendromaia" skeleton is remarkably similar to that of basal varanopids such as "Archaeovenator" and "Pyozia", indicating that these genera may be based on juvenile specimens of larger varanopids.
Likewise, certain characteristics (such as reduced dentition and limb development) found to link basal varanopids with diapsids may be a consequence of juvenile specimen sampling, rather than valid phylogenetic signals.
List of language-related awards
This list of language-related awards is an index to articles on notable awards given for language-related work.
At the Foot of the Mountain Theater
At the Foot of the Mountain Theater (AFOM) was a Professional theater based in Minneapolis, Minnesota that created and produced works centered on women's lives.
Founded in 1974 and re-dedicated as a feminist theatre in 1977, it produced unique works on wide-ranging topics both in local productions and also through touring and performances at theater festivals.
At the Foot of the Mountain Theater closed in 1991.
Founded by Martha and Paul Boesing, and Jan Magrane in 1974, At the Foot of the Mountain grew out of their experiences with experimental theater including at The Open Theater in New York City and Firehouse Theater in the 1960s in Minneapolis.
Boesing's involvement in the theater ended temporarily in 1984 when she accepted an 18-month Bush Fellowship to focus on her playwriting.
The collective's tasks included the shows themselves, but also the rest of the logistics—publicity, costumes, finances; within a non-hierarchical consensus-based structure.
"There are no role models," said Boesing—who was also the playwright for the first 10 years—in an 1979 interview.
Audience participation also was a critical ingredient throughout the theater's work.
AFOM was able to pay its members a regular amount each week, so that AFOM could be their primary focus.
Funding came from a combination of ticket sales, touring, and grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, the Regional Arts Council, the Northwest Area Foundation and the Minnesota Humanities Commission.
At the Foot of the Mountain mainly operated out of the People’s Center on the West Bank of the University of Minnesota, and produced 1–4 works each year.
Generally, each work was a collective effort, with the script being written internally in collaboration with the cast.
Production of "Antigone Too: Rites of Love and Defiance" was based on a script that included much of Sophocles' text, plus the stories of 17 American women involved in politics including Dorothy Day, Emma Goldman, Margaret Sanger and Fannie Lou Hamer.
The 21-member cast, selected from 50 applicants, worked on the production over an eight-week residency.
At the Foot of the Mountain's topics were diverse, including prostitution, motherhood, nuclear stockpiling, the Catholic church, rape culture, U.S. involvement in Nicaragua and prison reform.
"Haunted by the Holy Ghost" a 1983 production—written by co-founder and collective member Jan Magrane—was a direct statement on the inherent oppressiveness of the Catholic Church.
Negative responses included the Minneapolis City Council declining to pass a resolution commending the theater for its 10-year contribution to the city, and an inquiry by the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights into Minnesota State Arts Board funding of At the Foot of the Mountain, claiming the work was defamatory, and requesting that future funding be restricted.
1993 in Australian literature
This article presents a list of the historical events and publications of Australian literature during 1993.
A list, ordered by date of death (and, if the date is either unspecified or repeated, ordered alphabetically by surname) of deaths in 1993 of Australian literary figures, authors of written works or literature-related individuals follows, including year of birth.
Diego Ibáñez de la Madrid y Bustamente
Diego Ibáñez de la Madrid y Bustamente (1649–1694) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Ceuta (1687–1694), Bishop of Pozzuoli (1684–1687), and Bishop of Trivento (1679–1684).
Diego Ibáñez de la Madrid y Bustamente was born on 7 Apr 1649 in Comillas, Spain and ordained a priest on 17 Feb 1674.
On 24 Oct 1678, he was selected as Bishop of Trivento and confirmed by Pope Innocent XI on 10 Apr 1679.
On 16 Apr 1679, he was consecrated bishop by Carlo Pio di Savoia, Cardinal-Priest of San Crisogono, with Francesco Casati, Titular Archbishop of "Trapezus", and Gregorio Carducci, Bishop of Valva e Sulmona, serving as co-consecrators.
On 2 Oct 1684, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XI as Bishop of Pozzuoli.
On 9 Jun 1687, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XI as Bishop of Ceuta.
He served as Bishop of Ceuta until his death on 5 Apr 1694.
Sochi bombings
Sochi bombings a series of explosions that occurred in the city of Sochi, Krasnodar Krai, Russia, in 2008-2009.
The explosions were carried out by Ilya Galkin and Mikhail Denisenko.
Their motive was hatred of society.
In the period from April 3, 2008 to February 20, 2009 there were 9 explosions in which 8 were killed and 46 people were injured.
April 3, 2008 - in the Kirov Park, Lazarevskoye Microdistrict, an explosive disguised as a cigarette case that was lying on a bench exploded.
Two people were injured.
April 7, 2008 - in the square on Victory Street, Lazarevskoye Microdistrict, an explosive disguised as a bag exploded.
A policeman was seriously injured from the explosion.
June 11, 2008 - on Victory Street in the Lazarevskoye Microdistrict, explosives disguised as a flask exploded.
One man died
July 2, 2008 - in the Adlersky City District an explosion in a multi-storey building.
As a result of the explosion, the house was partially collapsed.
2 people died and 20 were injured.
July 30, 2008 - an object exploded in the hands of a man in the Adlersky City District.
One person died and one was injured.
August 7, 2008 - An explosion occurred on the beach at Loo Microdistrict.
2 people died and 20 were injured.
November 10, 2008 - in the Adlersky City District, an explosive disguised as a can of beer exploded.
One person was injured.
December 29, 2008 - An explosion occurred on a street in Adlersky City District.
One man died.
February 20, 2009 - an explosion occurred in a construction trailer in the Khostinsky City District.
One person died and one was injured.
After the explosion on June 11, 2008, all the explosions were combined in one series.
The laying of explosives on November 10, 2008 hit the surveillance cameras.
But due to the poor quality of the video, the only thing that could be determined was the model of the car.
It was GAZ 31105.
At that time, there were 800 such cars in Sochi.
All owners of these cars were summoned for interrogations.
Among them was Mikhail Denisenko.
Ilya Galkin knew that they were looking for Denisenko’s car and organized an explosion on February 20, 2009 so that the police wouldn’t search for Denisenko.
Galkin found the mobile number of the owner of the same car as in Denisenko and phoned him.
He also sent him an SMS with the text "How to connect this?"
He disguised the explosives as a flashlight, put the parts for the explosives in a bag, took a bottle of beer, food and put it all near the gatehouse at the construction site.
Then one worker died and another was injured.
Police found Galkin through a SIM card.
After Galkin became a suspect, it was decided to pick up his laptop from him.
The boss noticed how Galkin plays games on the laptop in time and took it from him.
Galkin panicked.
The laptop had a lot of information about explosives.
It was April 14, 2008.
That evening he told everything to his mother with whom he lived.
They collected all the materials for the explosives and took them to the wasteland.
During this, the police watched him.
Mikhail Denisenko was detained on April 14, 2008.
Ilya Galkin was detained on April 15, 2008.
The organizer and inspirer of the explosions was Galkin.
Galkin and Denisenko were neighbors and were friends since childhood.
At school, they were bullied.
Denisenko was very dependent on Galkin.
They were prone to cruelty.
They found instructions for making explosives on the Internet.
Both were united by hatred of society.
Ilya Ilyich Galkin was born in 1983.
He had a mother Nadezhda Galkina, father Ilya Deshko and a brother-in-law on his father Alexander Deshko.
After school, he studied at a police school.
After which he worked in the Sochi police.
The first time Galkin made explosives in February 2008.
At the time of his arrest, he was a lieutenant.
In one of the interviews, Galkin's father said that he was attacked by the homeless in his childhood, and was nearly strangled once.
In the winter of 2003, he beat and shot three times with a pneumatic pistol at a homeless man.
The poor man survived but ceased to see.
All this was during working hours and his partner saw it.
Between April 12 and 17, 2007, he killed 5 homeless people and his brother and severely wounded one.
For murders, he used a signal pistol redone for firing hunting cartridges.
He killed his victims with a shot in the face.
He searched for victims in the district of heating mains.
Knife wounds were found on the bodies of the homeless.
The bodies of the homeless were discovered on April 17.
On the evening of April 17, he had a drink with his brother and accidentally talked about the killings of the homeless.
After that, he decided to kill him.
He hit him on the head with an ax and dismembered the body.
Mikhail Sergeyevich Denisenko was born in 1984.
He had a wife, Inna Denisenko.
Previously, he divorced his other wife due to the fact that Galkin did not like her.
He worked as an operator on the local television channel Efkate.
He worked there for 7 years.
He was fond of electronics and technology.
He made electric detonators for bombs.
The trial of Galkin and Doroshenko began on June 18, 2010.
On May 17, 2011, a video of interrogation and torture with Ilya Galkin appeared on the Internet.
January 31, 2014 Ilya Galkin was sentenced to life imprisonment and Mikhail Denisenko to 21 years and 6 months in prison.
They are also required to pay 54.3 million rubles in civil claims.
They are also obligated to pay the city administration of Sochi 43.7 million rubles.
On October 23, 2014, the Supreme Court upheld the verdict
On April 4, 2015, Galkin applied to the European Court of Human Rights.
ментовские пытки в сочи - video interrogation of Ilya Galkin.
Elka Gilmore
Elka Gilmore (March 17, 1960 – July 6, 2019) was an American chef.
Her San Francisco restaurant, Elka, earned national acclaim.
In 1994, she was nominated for the James Beard Foundation Award for Best California Chef.
Elka Ruth Gilmore was born in 1960 in San Antonio, Texas.
Her first restaurant job, as a dishwasher, was at Café Camille in Austin, when she was around 12 years old.
She left home at age 16 to live with her grandmother in Madison, Wisconsin.
As a teenager, she worked as a prep cook at L’Étoile in Madison; when the chef quit, Gilmore was promoted to chef.
At 18, she travelled to Boston, New York, and Provence (where she apprenticed at a restaurant in Cotignac), before settling in Los Angeles in 1982.
There, she worked at restaurants Tumbleweed, Checkers, and Palette.
She was the co-owner of Camelion's, which served French-inspired cuisine.
In 1991, at the age of 31, she opened her restaurant Elka in the Miyako Hotel in San Francisco's Japantown, serving a blend of Asian and French cuisine.
The restaurant was met with national acclaim.
The "New York Times Magazine" described the restaurant's dishes as "light and memorable" with "deep and husky flavors"; it called Gilmore "the enfant terrible of the modern California kitchen" and "an iconoclastic cook."
In 1994, she was nominated for the James Beard Foundation's Award for Best California Chef.
In 1995, she opened Liberté, a French-American restaurant, in San Francisco.
It closed after a few months.
She was later hired by the Omni Berkshire Place Hotel in New York to open and run Kokachin, a seafood restaurant.
In 1998, she returned to San Francisco and opened Oodles, an Asian fusion restaurant; it closed shortly thereafter.
Reviewing Oodles, Mark Bittman of "The New York Times" wrote that "[d]espite the angular, not-especially-attractive interior, the restaurant is comfortable and inviting, and the brazen nature of the food gives a meal here a true sense of excitement."
Gilmore was recognized as a champion of women chefs.
She was also credited for her mentorship of fellow lesbian cooks.
In 1993, she co-founded the organization Women Chef's & Restauranteurs, along with fellow San Francisco chefs Barbara Tropp and Joyce Goldstein.
She died on July 6, 2019, in San Francisco, of cardiac arrest due to ongoing medical issues.
Amphibolips confluenta
Amphibolips confluenta, known generally as the spongy oak apple gall wasp, is a species of gall wasp in the family Cynipidae.
Anthony C. Epstein
Anthony C. Epstein is an Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
Epstein earned his Bachelor of Arts from Yale College in 1974, and his Juris Doctor from Yale Law School in 1977.
After graduating, he clerked for District Court for the Northern District of California judge Charles B. Renfrew.
In 1981, he started working in private practice.
He joined Jenner & Block in 1983 and Steptoe & Johnson in 1999.
President George W. Bush nominated Epstein on January 9, 2007, to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia to the seat vacated by Susan Rebecca Holmes.
On July 23, 2008, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on his nomination.
On July 30, 2008, the Committee reported his nomination favorably to the senate floor.
On August 1, 2008, the full Senate confirmed his nomination by voice vote.
He was sworn in on September 8, 2008.
Anadenobolus
Anadenobolus is a genus of millipedes in the family Rhinocricidae.
There are more than 100 described species in "Anadenobolus".
List of Anadenobolus species
These 101 species belong to "Anadenobolus", a genus of millipedes in the family Rhinocricidae.
Coelocnemis
Coelocnemis is a genus of darkling beetles in the family Tenebrionidae.
There are more than 20 described species in "Coelocnemis".
These 23 species belong to the genus "Coelocnemis":
Colonus sylvanus
Colonus sylvanus is a species of jumping spider in the family Salticidae.
It is found in a range from the United States to Panama.
Epiaeschna heros
Epiaeschna heros, the swamp darner, is a species of darner in the dragonfly family Aeshnidae.
It is found in the Caribbean Sea and North America.
The IUCN conservation status of "Epiaeschna heros" is "LC", least concern, with no immediate threat to the species' survival.
The population is stable.
The IUCN status was reviewed in 2017.
2021 World Para Athletics Championships
The 2021 World Para Athletics Championships is an upcoming Paralympic track and field meet organized by the World Para Athletics subcommittee of the International Paralympic Committee.
It will be the 10th edition of the event and it is scheduled to be held in the Kobe Universiade Memorial Stadium in Kobe, Japan.
This will be the first time the event is held in East Asia.
Avenue Pierre 1er de Serbie
Avenue Pierre 1er de Serbie is an Avenue which runs through the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France.
Avenue Pierre 1er de Serbie runs from Place d'Iena to avenue George V.
Previously part of rue Pierre Charron, before that part of rue de Morny.
The avenue was officially named on 14 July 1918.
The Avenue was created and named in honor of Peter I of Serbia (1846-1921), last King of Serbia and first King of Yugoslavia; Peter Karadjordjević was educated in France at St Cyr, served as a lieutenant in the French Army during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870, served in the French Foreign Legion, and was decorated with the French Legion of Honour for heroism.
Max Geller (artist)
Max Geller is an American performance artist, human rights activist, trickster, and provocateur.
Born January 2, 1984, in Brookline, Massachusetts, Geller is an outspoken voice on the Jewish left, an organizer and activist for the BDS movement and Palestinian human rights, and a frequent speaker against zionism, as well as antisemitism.
Despite the disproportionate amount of attention white Jews get for speaking out against Israel, Geller has consistently emphasized the need to center Palestinians in the struggle for their own liberation.
Geller’s activism often employs non-traditional tactics, drawing on performance art, erudite references and irony to provoke social discomfort without expressing an explicit political agenda.
His performance art, on the other hand, frequently relies on methods of activism, blurring any distinction between art and politics.
Most famously, Geller is the founder of #renoirsucksatpainting, a tongue-in-cheek social movement to remove the paintings of Auguste Renoir from museums around the world.
He has frequently leveraged the "Renoir Sucks at Painting" project into media coverage for the BDS movement and other social causes.
At sixteen, Geller was arrested for burning an American Flag on the 4th of July and draping the charred remains over the liberty bell at town hall in Brookline.. For his senior capstone project at his small arts high school, Geller learned Aikido, and demonstrated his mastery by fighting his mother.
In college, Geller conned his way into an appearance on the daytime television show Judge Mathis.
The performance put on by Geller’s troupe, filled with outrageous claims, false hysterics, and demands for justice, mocks both reality television and the criminal justice system.
In 2005, George Edward Jed Smock, Jr. AKA “Brother Jed,” came to protest liberal values at the Colorado College campus.
Geller showed up dressed in Klansman robes and joined Brother Jed’s rally, thus aligning Jed’s crusade with the overt white supremacy associated with the KKK.
Later Geller distanced himself from the early performance due to its racial insensitivity.
In 2007, while traveling the world, Geller arrived in Palestine, where the struggle of the Palestinians for their own liberation, and Israel’s violent response, left an indelible mark on him.
He returned to Palestine several times over the course of the next few years, and later continued his activism back in the USA, where he has been an active member of many groups organizing on behalf of Palestinian liberation, such as NSJP, IJAN, USCPR, and others, and has been a frequent contributor to a variety of conferences and journals.
In 2009, Geller joined a group of international Palestinian activists who were attempting to break the blockade of Gaza.
After being turned away at the border, Geller and his cohort scaled the walls of the Pyramid of Giza and flew an enormous Palestinian flag from halfway up.
The image became an iconic representation of the attempts to break the blockade and was featured in newspapers throughout the Arab world.
While Geller was a student at North Eastern Law School, he became president of the local chapter of Students for Justice in Palestine, where he staged a series of interventions to bring awareness to the cause.
These culminated in the group delivering mock eviction letters to students that resulted in SJP being suspended by the administration.
Geller immediately took the case to the national media gaining widespread attention for the incident, defending the incident in an op-ed in the Boston Globe and an appearance on Democracy Now.
In 2017, Geller was instrumental in the New Orleans Palestinian Solidarity Committee's successful lobbying of the City Council to pass a Boycott Divestment and Sanctions bill in solidarity with the Palestinian cause.
Because the legislation didn’t explicitly name Israel, opting instead to target “human-rights violators”, Zionist groups claimed that the NOPSC had tricked the city council into passing the resolution and after fierce counter-lobbying from powerful pro-Israel forces, the city council rescinded the resolution.
In addition to Geller’s history as a political provocateur, he has also used his knack for creating viral ideas and images to mount ambiguous, seemingly frivolous interventions in the art and music world.
Often, Geller uses these absurdist actions to build a platform to raise other, more serious cultural and political issues.
The most famous example is #Renoirsucksatpainting.
In February of 2015 Geller created the instagram @Renoir_sucks_at_painting, and began posting images of Renoir paintings and captioning them with a combination of sardonic wit and vitriol.
Soon after, the account began to go viral, attracting the attention of reddit streams, content aggregators, art critics, and Renoir’s own descendants.
At the same time, Geller began to use the platform to make larger political critiques.
When Renoir’s great-great-granddaughter responded to an instagram post in May of 2015 saying “when your great-great-grandfather paints anything worth 78.1 million dollars...then you can criticize.
In the mean time[sic], it is safe to say that the free market has spoken and Renoir did NOT suck at painting.” Geller reposted the comment and replied, “The free market has indeed spoken.
Climate change; the Prison Industrial Complex; Slavery; Settler Colonialism; the destruction of sea otter habitats; the evisceration of the proletariat; commercials on TV; Food Deserts; Citizens United; Book of Secrets (457 Million Box Office!
); for-profit healthcare; and, yes, the exaltation of your great grand pappy, Baron Von Treacle himself, #Renoir--have all been unleashed upon us by the free market.” Through this exchange, the account began to gain significant media attention.
On October 5, 2015, at the Museum of Fine Arts Boston, Geller organized the first of what would become many major anti-Renoir protests.
When the protest garnered criticism in the Boston Globe by Sebastian Smee, a Pulitzer prize-winning art critic, Geller responded by publicly challenging Smee to a duel.
The feud quickly gained national attention, and along with a second protest at the Metropolitan Museum of New York a week later, helped skyrocket the movement to headlines across the globe.
Geller continued traveling the country organizing anti-Renoir protests at art museums in major cities around the country.
After a protest at the Art Institute of Chicago, Geller was a guest on a local news station there, where he once again expanded the focus of his movement from Renoir’s paintings themselves to the misogyny and white supremacy of the canon at large.
“At the end of the day,” he said, “it’s about access, who has access to our museums… I think the art institute should sell some of these Renoirs...and instead buy some art that is painted by women or people of color.”
Many in the media began to realize the Renoir Sucks movement was part of the growing ouvre of protests and performance art from Geller.
While the movement reached its apex in the fall of 2015, it has continued to spawn mini-protests all over the world, including at the White House where President Trump is an admirer of Renoir.
Art critics are still grappling with the after-effects of the movement as recently as June of 2019.
While "Renoir Sucks at Painting" is Geller's most well known aesthetic protest, there were any smaller ones that preceded it.
In addition to the array of staged satirical public performances, Geller also has a history of spontaneous confrontations with politicians.
Much of Geller’s work remain unrecognized today, and the motives and consequences are still unexamined.
It is difficult to know which actions ought to be understood as art, protest, or something else entirely.
Examples include a drag performance in Provincetown called “The Angry Geisha” in 2007, the sinking of an old wooden boat named S.S. Marjorie in Boston Harbor in 2011, and, most recently, handing out copies of the Declaration of Independence in London in 2019.
Sejo Kovo
Sead "Sejo" Kovo (born 1970) is a Bosnian guitarist and songwriter.
Formerly, he was a member of a Bosnian garage rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje.
Kovo was born and raised in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1970.
In 1994, Kovo moved to Paris, France, with a pop-rock band Overdream.
Next to him, the band members are Samir Ćeramida, Dušan Vranić, Đani Pervan, and Boris Bačvić.
The band released their only studio album in 1996.
In 1996, Kovo accompanied Sejo Sexon and Elvis J. Kurtović, with whom he restarted band Zabranjeno Pušenje, disbanded in the early 1990s.
He performed on two studio albums; "Fildžan viška" (1997) and "Agent tajne sile" (1999).
In 2007, Kovo released his solo album "Je Tombe".
Most of the recorded songs are in French, while in English and Bosnian there are three songs in total.
Milena Ćeranić
Milena Ćeranić (; born 3 April 1986) is a Serbian folk-pop singer.
Ćeranić graduated from a medical high school, and after that, she began working in Belgrade clubs and in bars known as 'splavovi'.
She was a contestant in the musical competition "Zvezde Granda", as well as in the reality show "Farma" where she participated with her then boyfriend, singer Nemanja Stefanović.
After "Farma", she stopped collaborating with Grand Production and chose the City Records label to continue her career.
Ćeranić has also worked with IDJ Videos label as well.
She was in relationship with singer Vuk Mob, and previously with basketball player Vladimir Dašić.
Her most popular songs are "Dvadesete Gazim", "Zbog Tebe mi Prete", "Luda Balkanska", "Novi List" and "Sve Pred Sobom Gazim".
Her biggest hits are "Jeftino" and "Šefica".
Also, she has been featured with Juice ("Bikini"), Mlađa, and Sha ("Noćas sam Tvoja").
1997 in the Netherlands
Events in the year 1997 in the Netherlands.
Zygaena truchmena
Zygaena truchmena is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family.
It is found in Central Asia.
According to Seitz - the prettiest and most variegated form, in short one of the finest Burnets, is "truchmena" Evrsm.
(7g).
It has a broad rosy- red collar, and the abdomen is bright red, except the apex : the median pair of spots of forewing, however, is white and the basal half of the hindwing transparent: Turkestan.
Expressways of Vietnam
The Expressway network of Vietnam is a recent addition to the transport network of Vietnam.
The first expressways were opened in the mid-2000s, by 2020, the expressway network is expected to stretch and plans are for over of expressway by 2030.
Expressways are a rather recent addition to the Vietnamese road network, and standardization has not been fully implemented.
Ownership varies by expressway, they are financed, developed, owned and operated by either state-owned or private companies on behalf of the Ministry of Transport.
For example, state-owned Vietnam Expressway Corporation owns and exploits four expressways, but toll collection is done by subcontracted companies.
The companies exploiting the expressways have to report traffic numbers and toll revenue to the Ministry of Transport and the Directorate for Roads of Vietnam.
This construction has been subject of fraud investigations several times, as toll revenue was falsified by the collecting companies in order to take advantage of the difference.
The government has also threatened operating companies to revoke their toll collection licence after lack of maintenance caused dangerous situations on several expressways.
In 2019 it was reported that the Vietnam Expressway Corporation was $3.7 billion USD in debt, and earning $137 million in revenue each year.
The total cost of the planned expressway network is estimated at $47.9 billion.
Generally all cars, buses and trucks are permitted on the expressway but "công nông" (agricultural vehicles) and most notably all types motorcycles are not.
A minimum speed of is generally in effect, and the maximum speed is , although sections with a lower maximum speed are common.
Website of the Ministry of Transport
Bhim Sena
Bhim Sena or Bheem Sena or Akhil Bhartiya Bhim Sena, abbreviated as ABBS, lit.
"All India Ambedkar Army", is an Ambedkarite social organization working for rights of Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, Other Backward Classes and religious minorities in India currently under national president, Nawab Satpal Tanwar.
It works for protecting the Indian Constitution and reservation.
The organisation is named after B. R. Ambedkar.
Anil Tanwar is national in-charge of Bhim Sena.
In 14 April 1968, Karnataka's B. Shyam Sunder founded Bhim Sena as a volunteers corps, seeking self-defence and equality which asserted that dalits are "mool bharatis" (the original inhabitants of India).
In 29 May 1972, on similar patterns Dalit Panthers was founded in Maharashtra.
First ever dalit volunteer organization was Samata Sainik Dal formed in 1927 by B. R. Ambedkar.
In 1907, "Ayyankali Pada" was created by dalit reformer Ayyankali in Kerala.
As of 2018, Anil Tanwar is national in charge of "Akhil Bhartiya Bheem Sena".
Pontobdella muricata
Pontobdella muricata is a species of marine leech in the family Piscicolidae.
It is a parasite of fishes and is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean, the Baltic Sea, the North Sea and the Mediterranean Sea.
"Pontobdella muricata" is a long cylindrical, somewhat flattened leech, narrowing at both ends.
It has a number of annulations, which do not correspond to its internal segmentation, and is one of the largest sea leeches, with a length of up to long when at rest, and double that length when stretched.
The anterior end has a sucker with which it feeds, and the posterior end bears another sucker with which it adheres to its host.
The skin is rough and covered with small warts; the colour varies, juveniles are usually black or dark green with small speckles, while adults are pale grey, tan or olive-green.
Native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean, the species ranges from the Arctic, the Baltic Sea and the North Sea, to the Mediterranean Sea.
It has also been reported from the United States, Canada, Namibia and Pakistan, but some of these records may be due to misidentification.
It is found on the seabed at depths down to about and attached to large demersal fish.
This leech is an external parasite of cartilagenous fishes such as the marbled electric ray ("Torpedo marmorata"), the common stingray ("Dasyatis pastinaca"), and the thornback ray ("Raja clavata"), and less often of ray-finned fish such as the European plaice ("Pleuronectes platessa"), the black scorpionfish ("Scorpaena porcus") and the red scorpionfish ("Scorpaena scrofa").
It is found attached to the gills, the abdomen and the bases of the fins of the host where it feeds by sucking blood.
It is quiescent during the day, holding itself motionless and partially coiled, attached by its posterior sucker, but becomes active at night, when it feeds.
It can separate from its host and swim by flattening its body.
It is the intermediate host for the protozoan "Trypanosoma raiae" which it carries in its gut and transmits to rays.
Like all leeches, "P. muricata" is a hermaphrodite, and fertilisation is internal.
The eggs pass through the clitellum where each is enclosed in a spherical cocoon.
These are attached to empty bivalve or gastropod shells on the seabed and are pale at first but darken with age.
They are often irregularly grouped together, each with a slender, twisted stalk connecting it to a spreading, membranous holdfast.
The sphere is filled with a thick, gelatinous material with the developing embryo spirally coiled within.
When it is nearly long and ready to hatch, a pair of small, rounded protuberances at the side of the sphere fall off allowing the juvenile leech to emerge, and search for a suitable host fish.
Zygaena olivieri
Zygaena olivieri is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family.
It is found in Syria , Armenia and Georgia.
Seitz describes it -In "olivieri" Boisd.
(= "dsidsilia" Frr.)
(7h) not only the collar and 2—8 abdominal segments are red but also the patagia, the red spots of the forewing being very large; from Syria and Armenia.In subspecies "Z. o. laetifica" Herrich-Schäffer, 1846 the pairs of spots on forewing are separate.
— In "Z. o. ganimedes" Freyer, [1851] from Amasia, the penultimate pair of spots and the apical patch are rather broadly connected and the red markings of the forewing have a white edge of about 1 mm width.
Penshaw Bridge
Penshaw Bridge, also known as Fatfield Bridge, is a road traffic bridge spanning the River Wear in North East England, linking Penshaw with Fatfield.
The bridge was opened on 29th January 1890.
Weimar courtyard of the muses
The Weimar courtyard of the muses is a term, that had ermerged during the 19th century.
It refers to an elite fellowship of people in Classical Weimar (1772-1805), that was made up of nobles and commoners, courtiers, civil servants, writers, artists and scientists, who congregated around the central character, Duchess Anna Amalia of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, pioneer of Weimar Classicism and patroness of the arts.
Duchess Anna Amalia was the mother and from 1758 until 1775 regent for the infant Grand Duke Karl August von Sachsen-Weimar-Eisenach.
The concept and character of the "courtyard of the muses" and Anna Amalias image, role and personal motives have been reviewed and largely "deconstructed" during recent decades.
Modern revisions predominantly present sober conclusions and largely disagree with 19th century claims of a society in progress as a result of the utilization of the guiding principles of the Enlightenment and the cultivation of the genius.
Visual inspiration was Theobald von Oer's 1860 painting: "Weimar courtyard of the muses.
Schiller reading to the court in Tiefurt", in older mentions, also called "Weimar's Golden Days".
The painting depicts a rather fictional, ideally arranged scene around 1794/95: An illustrious party, that consists of noble menbers of the court and commoners alike (scholars, artists and scientists), has gathered, regardless to class etiquette and formalities, in and around the Tiefurt Muse temple (which was only built in 1803), while listening to Friedrich Schiller's deliberations.
In the creation of a cultivated and witty conviviality, the Duchess was assisted by poet and philosopher Christoph Martin Wieland, who had joined the court as the teacher of the two princes in 1772.
The "courtyard of the muses" would meet at the ducal "Wittumspalais", the rural summer residences in "Ettersburg Palace and Park" and "Tiefurt Manor", debate and discuss books and literature, the latest musical events and plays that had been staged, and contribute to the production of journals and paperbacks in Weimar, Tiefurt and Jena.
Not until the late 20th century had this idea of a Weimar courtyard of the muses been contested and dismissed as pseudoscientific 19th century legend formation and romanticism.
Contemporary sources of the Classical Weimar court never referred to a courtyard of the muses and Duchess Anna Amalia is not known to have at any time discontinued standard court ceremony or contested common class regulations.
Her role as pioneer of Weimar Classicism has been challenged by author J. Berger, as he points out that the duchess has given the primacy of the arts not to literature but to music.
Berger also exhorts, that she does not qualify as a true patroness of the arts because she refused unconditional promotion of free artists, but treated them as civil servants who were obliged to perform certain tasks.
However, according to author J. H. Ulbricht, all these scientific disenchantments have failed to notably penetrate the communicative and cultural memory of the public.
The narrative of the "historiographically colorful idyll" of Classical Weimar begins with Anna Amalias death and continues to be told until 1993.
Already in 1807, shortly after her burial, Goethe sought the opportunity to advertize Weimar's cultural prowess via the Duchess' obituary, that he published in a series of journals.
The second volume of a 1908 trilogy on the life of Anna Amalia is titled: "Duchess Amalies Courtyard of the Muses" and has been published repeatedly under this name.
In 1844 the academic historian Wilhelm Wachsmuth published a "historical sketch" in which the term "courtyard of the muses" was used for the first time in a scholarly context, steadily spread for decades and solidified into a formula.
Eventually, in a 1993 typology attempt the term "courtyard of the muses" was determined as one of five types of European courts and Weimar was referred to as the "courtyard of the muses par excellence".
Joakim Strand
Jan Joakim Strand (born 2 August 1982 in Turku) is a Finnish politician currently serving in the Parliament of Finland for the Swedish People's Party of Finland at the Vaasa constituency..
Reuben Frisbie
Private Reuben Frisbie (1746–1824) was an American soldier who served in the American Revolutionary War.
He was also the sixth great-grandfather of Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson through Johnson's great-grandmother, Helen Lowe-Porter.
The House at 29 Flat Rock Road was also owned by Frisbie before members of the Tucker family took over ownership.
Mikko Ollikainen
Mikko Karl Antero Ollikainen (born 24 November 1977 in Malax) is a Finnish politician currently serving in the Parliament of Finland for the Swedish People's Party of Finland at the Vaasa constituency..
2019–20 California Baptist Lancers men's basketball team
The 2019–20 California Baptist Lancers men's basketball team represent California Baptist University in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Lancers, led by 7th-year head coach Rick Croy, play their home games at the CBU Events Center in Riverside, California as members of the Western Athletic Conference.
This season will be CBU's second of a four-year transition period from Division II to Division I.
As a result, the Lancers are not eligible for NCAA postseason play and cannot participate in the WAC Tournament.
They are eligible to play in the CIT or CBI, if invited.
The Lancers finished the 2018–19 season 16–15, 7–9 in WAC play to finish in a tie for 5th place.
They weren't eligible to participate in the WAC Tournament, due to their transition from Division II to Division I.
They were invited to the CBI, where they lost to Loyola Marymount in the first round.
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
!colspan=12 style=| WAC Tournament
Source
Anders Norrback
Anders Norrback (born 14 September 1963 in Övermark) is a Finnish politician currently serving in the Parliament of Finland for the Swedish People's Party of Finland at the Vaasa constituency.
Edgars Krūmiņš
Edgars Roberts Krūmiņš (21 August 1909 – unknown) was a Latvian chess player.
In 1926, Edgars Krūmiņš graduated from the Second City Gymnasium in Riga.
In 1929, he entered the Faculty of Mathematics in University of Latvia, which he graduated in 1935.
In the academic year 1936/37, Edgars Krūmiņš was a mathematics teacher at a secondary school in the Latvian city Cesvaine.
In the early 1930s, Edgars Krūmiņš became one of the strongest chess players in Latvia.
The his biggest success - 3rd place in Latvian Chess Championship in 1934 (after the winners Fricis Apšenieks and Vladimirs Petrovs).
For this success Krumins was awarded the title of Latvian National Chess Master.
He was the fifth chess player after Hermanis Matisons, Fricis Apšenieks, Vladimirs Petrovs and Movsas Feigins, who received this honorary title.
Edgars Krūmiņš played for Latvia in the Chess Olympiad:
Edgars Krūmiņš played for Latvia in the unofficial Chess Olympiad:
Many chess publications (including the Internet portals Olimpbase.org, Chessgames.com) incorrectly indicate that it was not Edgar who participated in Chess Olympiads, but his brother Alfrēds Krūmiņš (1911-1980), who was also a chess player.
In the late 1930s, Edgars Krūmiņš fell ill and moved away from an active chess life.
The last known tournament with his participation was the 1940 Riga Chess Championship, in which he shared 11th - 12th place.
There is no reliable information about his future fate.
Chevalier International Holdings Ltd.
Chevalier International Holdings Ltd. () (), is a property developer in Hong Kong.
Humble Pi
Humble Pi is a collaborative studio album by Homeboy Sandman & Edan.
It was released on Stones Throw Records on October 26, 2018.
Music videos were created for "Grim Seasons", "#Neverusetheinternetagain", and "The Gut".
Paul Simpson of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars, commenting that "Edan's fetish for echo and obscure acid rock records is as evident as ever through his mind-bending productions, and Sandman's effortlessly complex lyrics are typically biting as well as insightful."
Dean Van Nguyen of "Pitchfork" gave the album a 6.8 out of 10, writing, ""Humble Pi" might be thin, but there's enough here to spark hope that this is the origin point of Sandman and Edan's cracked journey, and not the final destination."
Nate Patrin of "Bandcamp Daily" described it as "a short but vivid worldbuilding record, the remnants of old places and past lives still standing in defiance of hyperdevelopment."
"Grim Seasons" was placed at number 2 on "Stereogum"s "5 Best Songs of the Week" list on August 3, 2018.
Kim Berg
Kim Kristoffer Berg (born 9 July 1974 in Vaasa) is a Finnish politician currently serving in the Parliament of Finland for the Social Democratic Party of Finland at the Vaasa constituency.
Port Perry Tunnel
Port Perry Tunnel is a railroad tunnel on the Port Perry Branch in Pennsylvania.
The tunnel was built as part of the Port Perry Branch connector between the Main Line and Monongahela Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad.
The tunnel (which currently has only one track) was once double-tracked.
Thomas Crofton
Thomas Crofton was an Irish Anglican priest in the 17th Century.
Crofton was born in County Roscommon and educated at Trinity College, Dublin.
Crofton was ordained in 1641.
He was a prebendary of Elphin Cathedral from 1661 to 1668,
and of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin from 1662; and Dean of Elphin from 1665 holding the latter two positions until his death in 1683.
Christopher Battarbee
Christopher Mark Battarbee (born 11 April 1975) is a former English first-class cricketer.
Born at Sidcup in April 1975, Battarbee attended Keble College, Oxford.
While studying at Oxford, he played first-class cricket for Oxford University in 1997, making seven appearances.
Playing as a right-arm medium pace bowler, he took 11 wickets at an average of 57.00, with best figures of 2 for 56.
After graduating from Oxford, Battarbee became a schoolteacher.
He is the current head of geography at Tonbridge School.
Johan Kvarnström
Johan Birger Matias Kvarnström is a Finnish politician currently serving in the Parliament of Finland for the Social Democratic Party of Finland at the Uusimaa constituency.
Masoud Pourmohammad
Masoud Pourmohammad (; born 12 March 1989) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Iranian club Pars Jonoubi in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
He made his debut for Pars Jonoubi in 15th fixtures of 2019–20 Iran Pro League against Naft Masjed Soleyman.
Arne Desler
Arne Desler (1894 — 1979), was a Danish chess player.
From the 1920s to the 1940s, Arne Desler was one of Danish leading chess players.
From 1925 to 1943 he participated many times in the finals of Danish Chess Championships.
In 1928, in simultaneous exhibition he defeated the ex-world Chess Champion José Raúl Capablanca.
Arne Desler played for Denmark in the Chess Olympiad:
Aldebrő
Aldebrő is a village in Heves County, Hungary.
Mika Kari
Mika Pekka Kari (born 19 August 1967 in Lahti) is a Finnish politician currently serving in the Parliament of Finland for the Social Democratic Party of Finland at the Tavastia constituency.
Halfset
Halfset were an Irish electronica/post-rock band based in Dublin.
Halfset's second album, "Another Way of Being There" (2008), was nominated for the Choice Music Prize, earning comparisons to Sigur Rós, Mogwai and Tortoise.
Halfset performed at Electric Picnic 2009.
By 2015 the band had disbanded.
Melik (disambiguation)
Melik is a hereditary Armenian noble title, in various Eastern Armenian principalities known as melikdoms encompassing modern Yerevan, Kars, Nakhichevan, Sevan, Lori, Artsakh, Northwestern Persia and Syunik starting from the Late Middle Ages until the end of the nineteenth century.
Melik or Meliq may also refer to:
Arturo del Castillo
Arturo Pérez Del Castillo (1925–1992) was a comic book artist.
Del Castillo was born in Concepcion, Chile, but moved to Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1948.
In the 1950s he worked for Aventuras, Intervalo, El Tony and Hora Cero, where he created Randall: the Killer series, scripted by Hector Oesterheld.
Del Castillo adapted the novels of Alexandre Dumas and drew Western strips for Fleetway and Cowboy Picture Library.
His works were reprinted in Argentina, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Yugoslavia etc.
Szihalom
Szihalom is a village in Heves County, Hungary.
Transit Areas Management Regiment
The Transit Areas Management Regiment () is a military logistics regiment of the Italian Army based in Bellinzago Novarese and Bari.
The regiment is operationally assigned to the Logistic Support Command and manages the reception, staging and onward movement of equipment, personnel, and materiel from Italy to Italian military operations abroad.
The unit was formed on 1 January 2015 by reorganizing and expanding the 1st Transport Regiment and together with the 6th General Logistic Support Regiment, and the Logistic Support Command's four medical battalions provides third line logistic support for the army's deployable divisions and Rapid Deployable Corps – Italy.
As of 2019 the Transit Areas Management Regiment consists of:
The Command and Logistic Support Company fields the following platoons: C3 Platoon, Transport and Materiel Platoon, Medical Platoon, and Commissariat Platoon.
José Aguilera Bernabé
José Aguilera Bernabé (unknown – unknown) was a Spanish chess player.
José Aguilera Bernabé was one of the strongest chess players in Spain at the turn of the 1920s and 1930s.
In 1929, he participated in International Chess Tournament in Barcelona (tournament won José Raúl Capablanca).
José Aguilera Bernabé played for Spain in the Chess Olympiad:
Mount Afton
Mount Afton is a mountain summit located in Glacier National Park in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.
It is situated near the north end of Asulkan Ridge, south of Rogers Pass, northeast of Revelstoke, and west of Golden.
The first ascent of the mountain was made in 1893 by Herbert Lambert, Miss MacLeod, Harold A. Perley, William H. Rau, and William Stables via the east buttress.
The mountain was climbed in 1895 via the south ridge by Philip Stanley Abbot, Charles Ernest Fay, and Charles S. Thompson who named the mountain after themselves using an amalgamation of letters from their surnames, ("A"bbot "F"ay "T"homps"on").
The mountain's name was officially adopted March 31, 1924, when approved by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Afton is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains north into the Illecillewaet River.
Aleksandar Dragaš
Aleksandar Dragaš (born 16 January 1967) is a Croatian rock critic and journalist.
He has been described as one of the most prominent and influential Croatian music critics.
Dragaš was born in 1967 in Zagreb, and graduated from the Faculty of Economics and Business, University of Zagreb in 1991.
He wrote his first article for "Polet" in 1985, and had his pop and rock criticism, reports, essays, biographical articles and interviews also published in "Studentski list", "Studio", "Heroina", "Nedjeljna Dalmacija", "Gloria" and other magazines.
Since 2000, he works as a music critic and journalist for "Jutarnji list", a Zagreb-based daily newspaper.
Dragaš is the author of approximately 3,000 newspaper articles published between 1985 and 2014.
Dragaš started two independent record labels, Search & Enjoy in 1989 and T.R.I.P.
in 1992.
He worked as an editor in Croatia Records (1994–1996) and Dancing Bear (1996–2001).
Dragaš is the author of two monographs, "Trening za umiranje" (about Hladno pivo) and "Goran Bare - Budi ponosan".
List of legal awards
This list of legal awards is an index to articles related to notable awards for work related to the law, a system of rules that are created and enforced through social or governmental institutions to regulate conduct..
The list is organized by country, since contributions are typically to the law of a country rather than to international law, and are made by citizens of that country,
1929 Palestine riots
The 1929 Arab riots in Palestine, or the Buraq Uprising (, ), also known as the 1929 Massacres, (, , "lit."
Events of 5689 Anno Mundi) refers to a series of demonstrations and riots in late August 1929 when a long-running dispute between Muslims and Jews over access to the Western Wall in Jerusalem escalated into violence.
The riots took the form, in the most part, of attacks by Arabs on Jews accompanied by destruction of Jewish property.
During the week of riots from 23 to 29 August, 133 Jews were killed and between 198–241 others were injured, a large majority of whom were unarmed and were murdered in their homes by Arabs, while at least 116 Arabs were killed and at least 232 were injured, mostly by the British police while trying to suppress the riots, although around 20 were killed by Jewish attacks or indiscriminate British gunfire.
On the first day of the riots, the British government had enlisted and armed 41 Jewish special constables, 18 Jewish ex-soldiers and a further 60 Jews were issued staves.
During the riots, 17 Jewish communities were evacuated.
The British-appointed Shaw Commission found that the fundamental cause of the violence "without which in our opinion disturbances either would not have occurred or would not have been little more than a local riot, is the Arab feeling of animosity and hostility towards the Jews consequent upon the disappointment of their political and national aspirations and fear for their economic future,” as well as Arab fears of Jewish immigrants "not only as a menace to their livelihood but as a possible overlord of the future."
With respect to the triggering of the riots, the Commission found that the incident which "contributed most to the outbreak was the Jewish demonstration at the Wailing Wall on 15 August 1929".
Avraham Sela described the riots as "unprecedented in the history of the Arab-Jewish conflict in Palestine, in duration, geographical scope and direct damage to life and property."
The Western Wall is one of the holiest of Jewish sites, considered by Jews to be a remnant of the ancient Second Temple compound destroyed in 70 CE.
The Jews, through the practice of centuries, had established a right of access to the Wailing Wall for the purposes of their devotions.
As part of the Temple Mount the Western Wall was under the control of the Muslim religious trust, the Waqf.
Muslims consider the wall to be part of the Al-Aqsa Mosque, the third holiest site in Islam, and according to Islamic tradition the place where Muhammad tied his horse, Buraq, before his night journey to heaven.
There had been a few serious incidents resulting from these differences.
As a result of an incident, which occurred in September 1925, a ruling was made which forbade the Jews to bring seats and benches to the Wall even though these were intended for worshippers who were aged and infirm.
The Muslims linked any adaptions to the site with "the Zionist project," and feared that they would be the first step in turning the site into a synagogue and taking it over.
Several months earlier Zionist leader Menachem Ussishkin gave a speech demanding "a Jewish state without compromises and without concessions, from Dan to Be'er Sheva, from the great sea to the desert, including Transjordan."
He concluded, "Let us swear that the Jewish people will not rest and will not remain silent until its national home is built on our Mt Moriah," a reference to the Temple Mount.
In September 1928, Jews praying at the Wall on Yom Kippur placed chairs and a mechitza that looked like a simple room divider of cloth covering a few wooden frames to separate the men and women.
Jerusalem's British commissioner Edward Keith-Roach, while visiting a Muslim religious court building overlooking the prayer area, mentioned to a constable that he had never seen it at the wall before, although the constable had seen it earlier that day and had not given it any attention.
The sheikhs hosting the commissioner immediately protested the screen on the grounds that it violated the Ottoman "status quo" forbidding Jews from bringing physical structures, even temporary furniture, into the area due to Muslim fears of Zionist expropriation of the site.
The sheikhs disclaimed responsibility for what could happen if the screen was not taken down, and Keith-Roach told the Ashkenazic beadle to remove the screen because of the Arabs' demands.
The beadle requested that the screen remained standing until the end of the prayer service, to which Keith-Roach agreed.
While the commissioner was visiting a synagogue, Attorney General Norman Bentwich had his request to keep the screen until after the fast rejected by the commissioner, who ordered the constable to ensure it was removed by morning.
The constable feared the screen meant trouble, and had the commissioners order signed and officially stamped, speaking again with the beadle that evening.
When the screen remained in the morning, the constable sent ten armed policemen to remove it.
The policemen charged the small group near the screen and were urged by nearby Arab residents to attack the assembled Jews.
Jewish worshipers who had gathered began to attack the policemen.
The screen was eventually destroyed by the policemen.
The constable had infuriated his superiors due to his use of excessive force without good judgement, but the British government later issued a statement defending his actions.
Although screens had been set up temporarily at the site before, and other prohibitions were ignored or relaxed at times, the violent confrontation over the latest screen would engender further violence.
The internal politics of both sides were also willing to adopt extreme positions and make use of religious symbols to whip up popular support.
Zionist literature published throughout the world used the imagery of a domed structure on the Temple Mount to symbolize their national aspirations.
A Zionist flag was depicted atop of a building very reminiscent of the Dome of the Rock in one publication, which was later picked up and redistributed by Arab propagandists.
Haj Amin al Husseini, the Mufti of Jerusalem distributed leaflets to Arabs in Palestine and throughout the Arab world which claimed that the Jews were planning to take over the al-Aqsa Mosque.
The leaflet stated that the Government was "responsible for any consequences of any measures which the Moslems may adopt for the purpose of defending the holy Burak themselves in the event of the failure of the Government...to prevent any such intrusion on the part of the Jews."
A memorandum issued by the Moslem Supreme Council stated, "Having realized by bitter experience the unlimited greedy aspirations of the Jews in this respect, Moslems believe that the Jews’ aim is to take possession of the Mosque of Al-Aqsa gradually on the pretence that it is the Temple," and it advised the Jews "to stop this hostile propaganda which will naturally engender a parallel action in the whole Moslem world, the responsibility for which will rest with the Jews."
The Shaw Commission stated that some sections of the Arabic Press had reproduced documents concerning the Wailing Wall which "were of a character likely to excite any susceptible readers."
In addition, it stated that "there appeared in the Arabic Press a number of articles, which, had they been published in England or in other western countries, would unquestionably have been regarded as provocative."
One consequence was that Jewish worshippers frequently were subjected to beatings and stoning.
In October 1928, the Grand Mufti organised new construction next to and above the Wall.
Mules were driven through the praying area often dropping excrement, and waste water was thrown on Jews.
A muezzin was appointed to perform the Islamic call to prayer directly next to the Wall, creating noise exactly when the Jews were conducting their prayers.
The Jews protested at these provocations and tensions increased.
Zionists began making demands for control over the wall; some went as far as to call openly for the rebuilding of the Temple, increasing Muslim fears over Zionist intentions.
Ben-Gurion said the wall should be “redeemed,” predicting it could be achieved in as little as “another half a year.” During the spring of 1929 the Revisionist newspaper edited by right-wing leader Ze'ev Jabotinsky, ran a long campaign claiming Jewish rights over the wall and its pavement, going as far as calling for "insubordination and violence," and pleading that Jews not stop protesting and demonstrating until the Wall is "restored to us."
On 6 August the British Palestine Police Force established a police post beside the wall.
On 14 August the Haganah and Brit Trumpeldor held a meeting in Tel Aviv attended by 6,000 people objecting to 1928 Commission's conclusion that the Wall was Muslim property.
Joseph Klausner who formed the "Pro–Wailing Wall Committee" helped organize several demonstrations, beginning on 14 August 1929 when 6,000 youths marched around the wall of the old city of Jerusalem.
On Thursday, 15 August, during the Jewish fast of Tisha B'Av, several hundred members of Klausner's right-wing group – described by Professor Michael J. Cohen as "brawny youths with staves" – marched to the Western Wall shouting "the Wall is ours," raised the Jewish national flag, sang Hatikvah (the Jewish anthem).
The group included members of Vladimir Jabotinsky's Revisionist Zionism movement Betar youth organization, under the leadership of Jeremiah Halpern.
Rumors circulated among the Arabs that the procession attacked local residents and cursed the name of the Prophet Muhammad.
The Shaw report later concluded that the crowd was peaceful and allegations that the crowd were armed with iron bars were not correct, but that there may have been threatening cries made by some "undesirable elements" in the Jewish procession.
Leaders of the Palestine Zionist Executive were reportedly alarmed by the activities of the Revisionists as well as "embarrassed" and fearful of an "accident" and had notified the authorities of the march in advance, who provided a heavy police escort in a bid to prevent any incidents.
On Friday, 16 August after a sermon, a demonstration organized by the Supreme Muslim Council marched to the Wall.
The Acting High Commissioner summoned Mufti Haj Amin al-Husseini and informed him that he had never heard of such a demonstration being held at the Wailing Wall, and that it would be a terrible shock to the Jews who regarded the Wall as a place of special sanctity to them.
At the Wall, the crowd burnt prayer books, liturgical fixtures and notes of supplication left in the Wall's cracks, and the beadle was injured.
The demonstrations spread to the Jewish commercial area of town.
Inflammatory articles calculated to incite disorder appeared in the Arab media and one flyer, signed by "the Committee of the Holy Warriors in Palestine" stated that the Jews had violated the honor of Islam, and declared: "Hearts are in tumult because of these barbaric deeds, and the people began to break out in shouts of 'war, Jihad ...
rebellion.'
... O Arab nation, the eyes of your brothers in Palestine are upon you ... and they awaken your religious feelings and national zealotry to rise up against the enemy who violated the honor of Islam and raped the women and murdered widows and babies."
On the same afternoon, the Jewish newspaper "Doar HaYom" – of which Jabotinsky was the editor – published an inflammatory leaflet describing the Muslim march, based partially on statements by Wolfgang von Weisl, which "in material particulars was incorrect" according to the Shaw report.
On 18 August, Haaretz criticised "Doar HaYom" in an article entitled ""He who Sows the Wind shall Reap the Whirlwind"": "The poison of propaganda was dripping from its columns daily until it poisoned the atmosphere and brought about the Thursday demonstration...and this served as a pretext to the wild demonstration of the Arabs."
The next day an incident which "in its origin was of a personal nature" was sparked when a 17 year old Sephardic Jew named Abraham Mizrachi was fatally stabbed by an Arab at the Maccabi grounds near Mea Shearim and the Bukharim quarter, on the outskirts of the village lands of Lifta, following a quarrel which began when he and his friends tried to retrieve their lost football from an Arab girl after it has rolled into an Arab tomato field.
A Jewish crowd attacked and severely wounded the policeman who arrived to arrest the Arab responsible, and then attacked and burned neighbouring Arab tents and shacks erected by Lifta residents and wounded their occupants; the wounded included an Arab youth named 'Ali 'Abdallah Hasan who was chosen at random to be stabbed in retaliation.
Mizrachi died on 20 August and his funeral became the occasion for a serious anti-Arab demonstration.
It was suppressed by the same force that had been employed in the initial incident.
A late-night meeting initiated the following day by the Jewish leadership, at which acting high commissioner Harry Luke, Jamal al-Husayni, and Yitzhak Ben-Zvi were present, failed to produce a call for an end to the violence.
Over the following four days period, the Jerusalem police reported 12 separate attacks by Jews on Arabs and seven attacks by Arabs on Jews.
On 21 August, the Palestine Zionist Executive telegrammed the Zionist Organization describing the general excitement and the Arab fear of the Jews: "Population again very excited and false alarms caused local panics in various quarters but no further incidents course of day.
Arabs also excited and afraid Jews.
Desirable insist with home Government need of serious measures assuring public security.
We are issuing appeal to public keep calm, refrain from demonstrations, and observe discipline, but feel embarrassed by militant attitude.
Doar Hayom and also part of youth influenced by Revisionist agitation.
Can you speak to Revisionist leaders?"
The next Friday, 23 August, thousands of Arab villagers streamed into Jerusalem from the surrounding countryside to pray at the Al-Aqsa Mosque, many armed with sticks and knives.
The gathering was prompted by rumors that the Zionists were going to march to the Temple Mount and claim ownership, as they had belligerently marched on the Western Wall demanding Jewish ownership 9 days earlier.
Harry Luke requested reinforcements from Amman.
Towards 09:30 Jewish storekeepers began closing shop and at 11:00, 20–30 gunshots were heard on the Temple Mount, apparently to work up the crowd.
Luke telephoned the Mufti to come and calm a mob that had gathered under his window near the Damascus Gate, but the commissioner's impression was that the religious leader's presence was having the opposite effect.
By midday friction had spread to the Jewish neighborhood of Mea She'arim where two or three Arabs were killed.
The American consulate documented the event in detail, reported that the killings had taken place between 12:00 and 12:30.
The Shaw report described the excited Arab crowds and that it was clear beyond all doubt that at 12:50 large sections of these crowds were bent on mischief if not on murder.
At 13:15, the Arabs began a massacre of the Jews.
Reacting to rumors that two Arabs had been murdered by Jews, Arabs started an attack on Jews in Jerusalem's Old City.
The violence quickly spread to other parts of Palestine.
British authorities had fewer than 100 soldiers, six armoured cars, and five or six aircraft in country; Palestine Police had 1,500 men, but the majority were Arab, with a small number of Jews and 175 British officers.
While awaiting reinforcements, many untrained administration officials were required to attach themselves to the police, though the Jews among them were sent back to their offices.
Several English theology students visiting from the University of Oxford were deputized.
While a number of Jews were being killed at the Jaffa Gate, British policemen did not open fire.
They reasoned that if they had shot into the Arab crowd, the mob would have turned their anger on the police.
Yemin Moshe was one of the few Jewish neighbourhoods to return fire, but most of Jerusalem's Jews did not defend themselves.
At the outbreak of the violence and again in the following days, Yitzhak Ben-Zvi demanded that weapons be handed to the Jews, but was both times refused.
By August 24, 17 Jews were killed in the Jerusalem area.
The worst killings occurred in Hebron and Safed while others were killed in Motza, Kfar Uria, Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
There were many isolated attacks on Jewish villages, and in six cases, villages were entirely destroyed, accompanied by looting and burning.
In Haifa and Jaffa, the situation deteriorated and a police officer succeeded in warding off an attack on the quarter between Jaffa and Tel Aviv by firing on an Arab crowd.
The administrative director of Haddasah hospital in Jerusalem sent a cable to New York describing the casualties and that Arabs were attacking several Jewish hospitals.
In a few instances, Jews attacked Arabs and destroyed Arab property.
These attacks were in most cases in retaliation for wrongs already committed by Arabs in the neighbourhood in which the Jewish attacks occurred.
A Police officer opened fire on an Arab crowd and succeeded in beating off an attack on the quarter which lies between Jaffa and Tel Aviv.
The worst instance of a Jewish attack on Arabs occurred in this quarter, where the Imam of a mosque and six other persons were killed.
According to the Shaw Report, the disturbances were not premeditated and did not occur simultaneously but spread from Jerusalem through a period of days to most outlying centres of population.
The Shaw report found that the "outbreak in Jerusalem on August 23 was from the beginning an attack by Arabs on Jews for which no excuse in the form of earlier murders by Jews has been established."
Later on 23 August, the British authorities armed 41 Jewish special constables, 18 Jewish ex-soldiers and a further 60 Jews were issued staves, to assist in the defense of Jewish quarters in Jerusalem.
The following day, Arab notables issued a statement that "many rumours and reports of various kinds have spread to the effect that Government had enlisted and armed certain Jews, that they had enrolled Jewish ex-soldiers who had served in the Great War; and the Government forces were firing at Arabs exclusively."
The Mufti of Jerusalem stated that there was a large crowd of excited Arabs in the Haram area who were also demanding arms, and that the excited crowd in the Haram area took the view that the retention of Jews as special constables carrying arms was a breach of faith by the Government.
The Government initially denied the rumours, but by 27 August they were forced to disband and disarm the special constables.
On 20 August, Haganah leaders proposed to provide defence for 600 Jews of the Old Yishuv in Hebron, or to help them evacuate.
However, the leaders of the Hebron community declined these offers, insisting that they trusted the "A'yan" (Arab notables) to protect them.
On 24 August 1929 in Hebron, Arab mobs attacked the Jewish quarter killing and raping men, women and children and looting Jewish property.
They killed 65–68 Jews and wounded 58, with some of the victims being tortured, or mutilated.
Sir John Chancellor, the British High Commissioner visited Hebron and later wrote to his son, "The horror of it is beyond words.
In one house I visited not less than twenty-five Jews men and women were murdered in cold blood."
Sir Walter Shaw concluded in The Palestine Disturbances report that "unspeakable atrocities have occurred in Hebron.
The Shaw report described the attack, "Arabs in Hebron made a most ferocious attack on the Jewish ghetto and on isolated Jewish houses lying outside the crowded quarters of the town.
More than 60 Jews – including many women and children – were murdered and more than 50 were wounded.
This savage attack, of which no condemnation could be too severe, was accompanied by wanton destruction and looting.
Jewish synagogues were desecrated, a Jewish hospital, which had provided treatment for Arabs, was attacked and ransacked, and only the exceptional personal courage displayed by Mr. Cafferata – the one British Police Officer in the town – prevented the outbreak from developing into a general massacre of the Jews in Hebron."
The lone British policeman in the town, Raymond Cafferata, who, "killed as many of the murderers as he could, taking to his fists even," was overwhelmed, and the reinforcements he called for did not arrive for 5 hours–leading to severe recriminations.
Hundreds of Jews were saved by their more benevolent Arab neighbours, who offered them sanctuary from the mob by hiding them in their own houses while others survived by taking refuge in the British police station at Beit Ramon on the outskirts of the city.
When the massacre ended, the surviving Jews were evacuated by the British.
The Hebron Yeshiva, a branch of the famed Slobodka yeshiva, was also attacked during the riots.
On Friday, 23 August, an Arab crowd gathered outside it and threw stones through the windows.
Only two people were inside, a student and the sexton.
The student was grabbed by the Arab crowd, who stabbed him to death; the sexton survived by hiding in a well.
The next day, a crowd armed with staves and axes attacked and killed two Jewish boys, one stoned to death and the other stabbed.
More than 70 Jews, including the Yeshiva students, sought refuge in the house of Eliezer Dan Slonim, the son of the Rabbi of Hebron, but were massacred by an Arab mob.
Survivors and reporters recounted the carnage that occurred at the Slonim residence.
Moses Harbater, an 18-year-old was stabbed and two of his fingers were severed.
He described at a later trial of some Arab rioters how a fellow student had been mutilated and killed.
Forty-two teachers and students were murdered at the yeshiva.
The Hadassah Medical Organization operated an infirmary in Hebron.
The "Beit Hadassah" clinic had three floors with the infirmary, the pharmacy and the synagogue on the top floor.
The rioters destroyed the pharmacy and torched the synagogue and destroyed the Torah scrolls inside.
On 26 August, the Nebi Akasha Mosque in Jerusalem was attacked by a group of Jews.
According to the Shaw Report, the mosque was a "sacred shrine of great antiquity held in much veneration by the Moslems."
The mosque was badly damaged and the tombs of the prophets which it contained were desecrated.
The kibbutz of Mishmar HaEmek was attacked on 26 August by an Arab mob, which was dispersed by the locals and British police.
On the following day the British authorities ordered the kibbutz members to evacuate.
On 28 August an Arab mob attacked the empty kibbutz again, burning its barn, uprooting trees and vandalizing its cemetery.
The members of the Kibbutz returned on 7 September.
In Safed on 29 August 18 Jews were killed (some sources say 20) and 80 wounded.
The attackers looted and set fire to houses and killed Jewish inhabitants.
The main Jewish street was looted and burned.
The Shaw report stated:
"At about 5:15 pm, on the 29th of August, Arab mobs attacked the Jewish ghetto in Safed…in the course of which some 45 Jews were killed or wounded, several Jewish houses and shops were set on fire, and there was a repetition of the wanton destruction which had been so prominent a feature of the attack at Hebron."
An eyewitness describing the pogrom that took place in Safed, perpetrated by Arabs from Safed and local villages, armed with weapons and kerosene tins.
He observed mutilated and burned bodies of victims and the burnt body of a woman tied to a window.
Several people were brutally killed.
A schoolteacher, wife, and mother and a lawyer, were cut to pieces with knives and the attackers entered an orphanage and smashed children's heads and cut off their hands.
Another victim was stabbed repeatedly and trampled to death.
The Safed massacre marked the end of the disturbances.
The British police had to open fire to prevent outrages in Nablus and Jaffa, and a police officer succeeded in warding off an attack on the quarter between Jaffa and Tel Aviv by firing on an Arab crowd.
According to the Shaw Report, during the week of riots from 23 to 29 August 116 Arabs and 133 Jews were killed and 232 Arabs and 198 Jews were injured and treated in hospital.
The Jewish casualty figures were provided by the Jewish authorities.
The Arab casualty figures represented only those actually admitted to hospital and did not include "a considerable number of unrecorded casualties from rifle fire that occurred amongst Arabs."
Many of the 116 reported Arab deaths were as a result of police and military activities, although around 20 of the Arabs killed were not involved in attacks on Jews and were killed as a result of lynchings and revenge attacks by Jews or by indiscriminate gunfire by the British authorities.
Arab notables accused the Government forces of firing at Arabs exclusively.
Most Jewish casualties resulted from Arab attacks, although the British authorities admitted in the Shaw report that "possibly some of the Jewish casualties were caused by rifle fire by the police or military forces"
The riots produced a large number of trials.
According to the Attorney-General of Palestine, Norman Bentwich, the following numbers of persons were charged, with the numbers convicted in parentheses.
Of those convicted of murder, 26 Arabs and 2 Jews were sentenced to death.
The Arabs included 14 convicted for the massacre in Safed and 11 for the massacre in Hebron.
The Jewish policeman Simchas Hinkis was convicted for the murder of five and wounding of two when a mob broke into a house between Tel Aviv and Jaffa to avenge the murder of six Jews.
Joseph Urphali was convicted by two separate trials, and lost his appeal twice, for the shooting of two Arabs from the roof of his Jaffa house.
Some of the Arab convictions were overturned on appeal and all the remaining death sentences were commuted to terms of imprisonment by the High Commissioner except in the case of three Arabs.
Atta Ahmed el Zeer, Mohammad Khaleel Jamjoum and Fuad Hassab el Hejazi were hanged on 17 June 1930.
Collective fines were imposed on the Arabs of Hebron, Safed, and some villages.
The fine on Hebron was 14,000 pounds.
The fines collected, and an additional one hundred thousand pounds, were distributed to the victims, 90 percent of them Jews.
A list of all the Jewish communities attacked during the riots.
A few dozen Jewish families returned to Hebron in 1931 to reestablish the community, but all but one family were evacuated from Hebron at the outset of the 1936–39 Arab revolt in Palestine.
The last family left in 1947.
The Arabs in the region, led by the Palestine Arab Congress, imposed a boycott on Jewish-owned businesses following the riots.
A commission of enquiry led by Sir Walter Shaw took public evidence for several weeks.
The main conclusions of the Commission were as follows.
[Material not in brackets is verbatim.]
The Commission recommended that the Government reconsider its policies as to Jewish immigration and land sales to Jews.
This led directly to the Hope Simpson Royal Commission in 1930.
Commission member Henry Snell signed the report but added a Note of Reservation.
Although he was satisfied that the Mufti was not directly responsible for the violence or had connived at it, he believed the Mufti was aware of the nature of the anti-Zionist campaign and the danger of disturbances.
He therefore attributed to the Mufti a greater share of the blame than the official report had.
Snell also disagreed with the commission on matters of Jewish immigration, and did not support restrictions on Jewish land purchases.
Regarding the immediate causes of the outbreak, Snell agreed with the main findings of the commission.
The commission was headed by Sir John Hope Simpson, and on 21 October 1930 it produced its report, dated 1 October 1930.
The report recommended to limit the Jewish immigration due to the lack of agricultural land to support it.
Historians differ in assessing the role of the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem Amin al-Husseini in the riots.
Some sources claim al-Husseini actually incited the riots, some claim al-Husseini took advantage of the crisis for the advancement of his own goals, and some claim al-Husseini called for restraint.
Breathe (Australian band)
Breathe (stylised as breathe.)
is an Australian minimal soul duo that blends soul and electronic music.
They consist of Sean Walker (a founding member of the band Movement) and Andrew Grant (a former recording and mix engineer of REC Studios).
The band also collaborates with many different vocalists from around the world.
They are currently based in Sydney, Australia and Toronto, Canada.
Breathe was formed in Sydney in 2018.
The band was founded by Sean Walker, who had founded the Australian "minimal soul" band Movement, and Andrew Grant.
Their debut single "Are You All Good" was released in September 2018 via the label Silk, and was described as "late night emotion."
It was also released with a self-directed music video in collaboration with cinematographer Tim Nagle.
Breathe's second single "London" was premiered by "Complex" and The Line of Best Fit has compared the music to "the beauty of a peaceful night."
Their third single, "Haze", was released in 2019.
The music video for "Haze" was directed by Dave May of Tall Story Films.
Breathe's music was described as "minimal soul" as well as "late night soul" that is "brilliantly minimalistic."
Rufus du Sol described the music as a "sultry underworld that pulls you right in", and Ta-ku said the band's music "hit me right in my feelings."
Indie Shuffle has compared the band to Moses Sumney and Michael Kiwanuka, and Hypebeast reviewed "Haze" as an "atmospheric" song that gives off a "ghostly yet lovesick vibe."
List of BanG Dream!
episodes
"BanG Dream!"
is a Japanese music media franchise owned by Bushiroad that includes an anime television series.
The anime currently has two seasons, with a third scheduled for release in January 2020.
The first season was produced by Issen and Xebec, while the main production staff included director Atsushi Ōtsuki and composer Yuniko Ayana.
The season follows the creation of the band Poppin'Party by first-year high school student Kasumi Toyama, who wishes to find a heart-pounding sound known as the "Star Beat" that she felt as a child.
Spanning 13 episodes, it aired from January 21 to April 22, 2017 on Tokyo MX, and was streamed by Anime Network and Crunchyroll.
An original video animation episode was released on November 22, 2017 on the seventh Blu-Ray/DVD volume.
A second season developed by Sanzigen aired from January 3 to March 28, 2019.
Also 13 episodes long, it continues Poppin'Party's story as the band members enter their second year of high school, while also focusing on fellow all-girl bands Afterglow, Pastel＊Palettes, Roselia, and Hello, Happy World!.
Kōdai Kakimoto replaced Ōtsuki as director for the second season, while the rest of the cast reprised their roles.
Later in the year, Sanzigen produced "BanG Dream!
FILM LIVE"; directed by Tomomi Umezu and written by Ko Nakamura, it premiered on September 13, 2019.
Sanzigen returned to produce the series' third season.
It was originally scheduled for October 2019, but it was delayed to January 2020.
The third season premiered on January 23, 2020.
The main series features eight pieces of theme music.
Season 1 respectively uses "Tokimeki Experience" and "Kirakira da toka Yume da toka ~Sing Girls~" ("Sparkling Dreaming ~Sing Girls~"), both by Poppin'Party, as the opening and ending themes.
The second season's themes are performed by Poppin'Party and Roselia: the former's "Kizuna Music♪" and the latter's "BRAVE JEWEL" are used as openings, while "Jumpin'" and "Safe and Sound" are the endings.
Poppin'Party performs Season 3's opening "Initial" and ending "Yume wo Uchinuku Shunkan ni!"
("Straight Through Our Dreams!
").
In 2018, two chibi spin-off series titled "Pastel Life" and "BanG Dream!
Girls Band Party!
☆ PICO" began broadcast in May and July, respectively; both are three-minute shorts, with the former following Pastel＊Palettes and the latter covering every band.
As theme songs, "Pastel Life" subject group plays "Shuwarin☆Dreaming" while "PICO" uses "Picotto!
Papitto!!
GARUPA☆PICO!!!"
by the vocalists of the five bands.
A second season to "PICO" titled "BanG Dream!
Girls Band Party!
☆ PICO ~Ohmori~" has been announced.
Gonzalo Villar
Gonzalo Villar may refer to:
Arata Shindo
The character originated from director Naoyoshi Shiotani's desire to develop a new cast for the sequel to the previous "Psycho-Pass" series.
Shindo was written by Tow Ubukata, Makoto Fukami and Ryo Yoshigami, all of whom wanted Shindo and Ignatov to be close friends despite their differences.
Shindo's characterization caused the development team difficulties because he was intended to be portrayed as a likable character due to his importance as a highly skilled detective.
He was voiced by Yūki Kaji, who enjoyed the work due to the character's actions and relationships explored in the narrative.
Critical reception to Shindo has been positive.
Despite him not being written by the series' first writer, Gen Urobuchi, he fit well within the cast thanks to his mental skills and further characterization.
His relationship with Ignatov also received positive responses.
During the making of the series, director Naoyoshi Shiotani entrusted the writers Tow Ubukata, Makoto Fukami and Ryo Yoshigami with handling a new cast.
Fukami was surprised that despite the new story and cast, the series still felt like "Psycho-Pass".
They believed that the underlying close relationship between Shindo and Ignatov with Bifrost would engage the audience.
Shiotani and the producers also discussed the idea of a "Total Character Change" saying, "think of them as two good buddies" despite outwardly differing personalities and physical appearance.
Ubukata presents Shindo shorter than Ignatov and has them being of different national origins.
Ubukata also presents the concept of "psychology vs. combat," making Shindo a mentalist while Ignatov is a former soldier trained in martial arts.
And while Shindo's cheerfulness may strike one as naïve compared to Ignatov's stoic nature, he is discovered to be a keen sleuth as the series unfolds.
Ubukata insisted that Shindo and Ignatov be written by Fukami, who said early in the making of the series that Ubakata did not like Shindo.
Ubukata also said that Shindo appears to be a good detective because he understands the criminal mind.
Fukami also found Shindo a difficult character to write because of his aura of mystery and use of trickery to obtain results.
Yoshigami found the character appealing because he was a humanizing factor within the cast, comparing him to "a con artist," but in a police-like sense.
Like all "Psycho-Pass" characters, Shindo was designed by mangaka Akira Amano, who drew an illustration of him, Ignatov and fellow character Azusawa Koichi for the final episode of "Psycho-Pass 3".
Yūki Kaji voiced Shindo in the series.
Upon seeing his character for the first time, Kaji found him stylish.
Kaji was overjoyed when he got the role of Shindo during the audition, having watched the previous "Psycho-Pass" works and being a fan of them.
Kaji enjoyed the character's relationship with Ignatov due to their close relationship and Shindo's style of interacting with the characters from previous seasons.
Kaji laughed when first reading the script because he found the cast unique and looked forward to the characters' growth during the series.
He had mixed feelings about Shindo wielding the Dominator due to the violence it can cause.
Ignatov's voice actor, Yūichi Nakamura, also enjoyed the dynamic between Shindo and his character and wished the two were brothers.
The handling of the characters' relationships with their underlings also appealed to him.
Nakamura had no clear understanding of Shindo and Ignatov because their pasts are not explored in the early episodes and he looked forward to the development of the series.
Shindo is introduced as one of two main protagonists of "Psycho-Pass 3", which is set in a dystopian future and focuses on the use of the Sibyl System, a hive mind that uses public psychometric scanners that calculate the likelihood of a person committing a crime, resulting in a Crime Coefficient.
Shindo is an Inspector who investigates crime scenes and pursues individuals with high Crime Coefficient readings and wields a hand-held weapon called a Dominator that is capable of stunning or destroying a target depending upon Sibyl's decision.
Shindo is a mentalist who has an ability called a that allows him to cross mental boundaries.
He is also empathic and skilled in tracking his targets and understanding their states of mind.
His use of this skill puts him at physical risk and causes him to hallucinate the image of a man with the head of a fox.
It is later revealed he is also "Criminally Asymptomatic," making it difficult for the Sibyl System to judge him because his Psycho-Pass is either low or non-existent.
Shindo becomes an Inspector together with his childhood friend and fellow rookie Inspector Kei Mikhail Ignatov.
They have a strong bond and were the victims of a case that claimed the lives of Shindo's father and Ignatov's brother.
In "Psycho-Pass 3", Shindo and Ignatov serve under Chief Mika Shimotsuki who tends to be irritated by the duo's reckless actions but allows them to proceed.
The duo investigates crime scenes and focus on a criminal organization known as Bifrost.
Critical response to Shindo has been positive.
Ninotaku found him to be a well-developed character because he fits with the other characters created by Gen Urobuchi, especially Akane Tsunemori.
Sequential Planet said the use of new protagonists was a risky movement for the franchise due to the popularity of Kogami and Tsunemori.
Nevertheless, the site further stated that both Shindo and Ignatov are likeable characters, enjoying the former more for his cheerful personality, which contrasts with the series' dark narrative.
Due to the focus the duo is given, the reviewer said Shindo and Ignatov are successors to Shinya Kogami.
TheCinemaHolic wondered about Shindo's mentalist skills, saying although it might appear to be less realistic than the deductive skills employed by previous protagonists, it had the potential to be executed in a positive fashion in later episodes.
Due to his portrayal, Shindo was compared to Steven Moffat's and Mark Gatiss's portrayals of Sherlock Holmes in the 2010's television series.
TheCinemaHolic praised Shindo's and Igantov's roles in later episodes for the way they fit with the supporting characters.
Shindo was also praised by Anime News Network for the way his mentalist skills added a new element to investigations and the air of mystery it gave to the new series.
The same site noted that as more information about the two lead characters was revealed, the more their fate became chaotic, citing Shindo's hallucinations and the hidden aspects of his father's death.
The focus given to Shindo and Ignatov in the finale also earned positive responses for the uncertainty created regarding whether or not they would betray their values.
TheCinemaHolic stated that Shindo's Mental Trace added depth to his character though he might come across as ambiguous when analyzed and that he, too, underwent a notable character arc, becoming more mature with potential for further development.
In a further analysis of the finale's narrative, the site agreed with Anime News Network regarding the handling of the duo in saying Ignatov was the more explored character of the pair because of the likely outcome of his final decision and its effect on his colleagues, especially Shindo.
Shindo's image is being used to produce clothing by the suit brand Difference, which is produced by Konaka Co.
Do Carmo River (Minas Gerais)
The Do Carmo River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
It merges with the Piranga River to form the Doce River.
Gualaxo do Sul River
The Gualaxo do Sul River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
It is a tributary of the Do Carmo River.
1946 Soviet occupation zone state elections
State elections were held in the Soviet occupation zone of Germany on 20 October 1946 to elect the state legislatures of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Brandenburg, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia.
They were the only elections held in the future territory of East Germany before the establishment of the German Democratic Republic in 1949.
The Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), which was formed by the forced merger of the Communist Party and the Social Democratic Party in the Soviet occupation zone, became the strongest party, but only achieved an absolute majority in one state.
The SED was created in view of the holding of elections in the Soviet zone, as a first step for future political reforms.
In addition to the SED, three other parties participated; the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and the Peasants Mutual Aid Association (VdgB).
Two other organizations participated but only in Saxony.
The SED results were disappointing for the Soviet authorities and contributed decisively to the modification of the right to vote in the Soviet occupation zone in the following years.
From then on, voters could only vote for a SED controlled unity list or reject it.
The next state elections were held in 1950, after the establishment of the German Democratic Republic.
Stenka Razin (disambiguation)
Italian submarine Fratelli Bandiera
Fratelli Bandiera was the lead ship of her class of four submarines built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the late 1920s.
The "Bandiera" class was an improved and enlarged version of the preceding s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 53 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Bandiera" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with eight torpedo tubes, four each in the bow and stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two machine guns.
"Fratelli Bandiera" was laid down by Cantiere Navale Triestino at their Trieste shipyard in 1928, launched on 7 August 1929 and completed later that year.
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Men's 20 kilometres walk
The men's 20 kilometres walk event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held in Zagreb on 13 July 1987.
Italian submarine Luciano Manara
Luciano Manara was one of four s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the late 1920s.
Completed in 1929,
The "Bandiera" class was an improved and enlarged version of the preceding s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 53 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Bandiera" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with eight torpedo tubes, four each in the bow and stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two machine guns.
"Luciano Manara" was laid down by Cantiere Navale Triestino at their Trieste shipyard in 1928, launched on 5 October 1929 and completed later that year.
Beach volleyball at the World Beach Games
The 4x4 Beach volleyball World Games Tournament was first Contested in the 1st World Beach Games Event in Qatar, Doha for both genders men and women.
St Patricks Tower
St Patricks Tower is a former smock windmill that was built to power the Thomas Street Distillery.
It is on Thomas Street, near the corner with Watling Street and is now part of the Digital Hub.
The mill was originally built in 1757 and rebuilt in 1815.
Troy Price
Troy Price is an American political strategist and LGBT rights advocate who has served as the Chair of the Iowa Democratic Party since his election in July 2017.
Price worked in the administration of Iowa Governor Chet Culver, and later served as a press aide for Tom Vilsack.
Price served as Iowa Director for the Barack Obama 2012 presidential campaignand the Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign.
Price was raised in Durant, Iowa, where he attended Durant High School.
He then graduated from the University of Iowa with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Government in 2004.
After graduating from college, Price became active in the Iowa caucus process.
In October of 2018, Price was re-elected Chair of the Iowa Democratic Party.
During his tenure as Chair, Price appeared on NPR and C-SPAN.
Price was selected as a "key player of the 2020 Iowa Democratic caucuses" by "The Des Moines Register", and has been featured in "The New York Times", "Politico", and NBC News.
Italian submarine Santorre Santarosa
Santorre Santarosa was one of four s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the late 1920s.
Completed in 1929, she played a minor role in the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 supporting the Spanish Nationalists.
The "Bandiera" class was an improved and enlarged version of the preceding s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 53 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Bandiera" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with eight torpedo tubes, four each in the bow and stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two machine guns.
"Santorre Santarosa" was laid down by Odero-Terni-Orlando at their Muggiano shipyard in 1928, launched on 22 October 1929 and completed later that year.
During the Spanish Civil War, "Santorre Santarosa" was attempting to attack the tanker during nightfall on 11 August 1937 off Ras el Mustafa, French Tunisia, when the torpedoed and sank the tanker before the submarine could reach firing position.
KBO League Golden Glove Award
The KBO League Golden Glove Award is an award given out annually by the Korea Baseball Organization (KBO) to the best overall player at each position in the KBO League.
As such, the award is also commonly known as the KBO Golden Gloves.
The award has been handed out since the KBO League's inaugural year in 1982.
All outfielders are grouped for the award and designated hitters have been included since 1984.
Source: Data from baseball-reference.com unless otherwise cited
Most total awards:
Most awarded pitcher:
Most awarded catcher:
Most awarded first baseman:
Most awarded second baseman:
Most awarded third baseman:
Most awarded shortstop:
Most awarded outfielder:
Most awarded designated hitter:
Each KBO team is allowed to sign up to three foreign-born players (two pitchers and one position player).
From 2019, the total compensation for a foreign player was also capped at $1 million.
The following is a list of foreign players that have won the KBO Golden Gloves over the years:
Italian submarine Ciro Menotti
Ciro Menotti was one of four s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the late 1920s.
Completed in 1929, she played a minor role in the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 supporting the Spanish Nationalists.
The "Bandiera" class was an improved and enlarged version of the preceding s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 53 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Bandiera" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with eight torpedo tubes, four each in the bow and stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two machine guns.
"Ciro Menotti" was laid down by Odero-Terni-Orlando at their Muggiano shipyard in 1928, launched on 29 December 1929 and completed later that year.
During the Spanish Civil War, "Ciro Menotti" made a patrol off Málaga in early 1937 during which she sank the mail steamer off Torrox on the night of 31 January–1 February.
The submarine bombarded Málaga over the next several days in support of the Nationalist attack on the city.
Ransom H. Thomas
Ransom Halloway Thomas (August 9, 1852 – October 19, 1922) was an American banker who served as president of the New York Stock Exchange during the Panic of 1907.
Thomas was born on August 9, 1852 and named after Ransom Halloway, a former U.S. Representative from New York's 8th congressional district.
In 1885, he was a member of the banking firm of Titus & Thomas located at 4 Broad Street.
Thomas established the firm of R. H. Thomas & Son, which was located at 100 Broadway.
Shortly before his death, he sold his seat as a board member of the Exchange after nearly fifty years of membership (having acquired his seat on November 5, 1874).
Throughout his time with the Exchange, he was associated with the chief committees of the Exchange and was President of the Stock Exchange Building Company at the time of his death.
In 1903, Thomas succeeded Rudolph Keppler as president of the New York Stock Exchange.
He served as president of the Exchange during the Panic of 1907.
Through Thomas' efforts, J. Pierpont Morgan and 14 bank presidents pledged $23.6 million to keep the stock exchange afloat.
In addition to his banking career, Thomas was an avid golfer and served as president of the United States Golf Association from 1905 to 1906.
He was a member of the Morris County Golf Club in Convent, New Jersey and was a former member of the Executive Committee of the United States Golf Association.
In 1880, Thomas was married to Susan Reed "Susie" Herrick (1857–1942), a daughter of merchant John J. Herrick and Jane Eliza (née Van Buskerck) Herrick.
Susie's father moved to Tarrytown, New York in 1859 where "he had built one of the largest and finest castellated residences in America."
The house known as Ericstan, was designed by Alexander Jackson Davis and demolished in 1944.
Together, they were the parents of:
In September 1901, Thomas purchased fellow enthusiast William K. Vanderbilt Jr.'s famous Daimler automobile known as the "White Ghost."
Vanderbilt had purchased the 23-hp car, the first four-cylinder road car, in Germany in 1900.
Thomas later sold the car to John B. Drake of Chicago.
Following a three week illness, Thomas died of a throat ailment at the Memorial Hospital in New York City.
He had been living at the Morristown Inn in Morristown, New Jersey for the last six years.
After services at St. Peter's Episcopal Church in Morristown, he was buried at Sleepy Hollow Cemetery in Tarrytown.
Speed skating at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics – Mixed team sprint
The mixed team sprint speed skating competition of the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics was held at Lake St. Moritz on 15 January 2020.
The races were held at 11:30.
Al Anstey
Al Anstey (born 22nd April 1966) is a media executive and strategic advisor on media and communications.
He was CEO of Al Jazeera America in 2015, and Managing Director of Al Jazeera English (AJE) in 2010.
He is the CEO of Collingwood Worldwide.
Anstey was born in London and educated at Westminster School.
He holds an MSc degree in Social Psychology from University of Bath.
Anstey has worked in media for three decades.
He was part of the start-up of Associated Press Television News, was Head of Foreign News at ITN (2000), was part launch team of Al Jazeera English as Deputy Director of News and then as Managing Director, and led the turnaround of Al Jazeera America as CEO from 2015 to 2016.
Anstey was also Network Director of Media Development and Head of New Media at Al Jazeera Network and oversaw the digital properties and digital strategy at both AJAM and AJE.
During Anstey's tenure as Managing Director of AJE, it grew from being a newly launched news channel to gaining a reputation for quality worldwide, winning a number of major TV awards, and building distribution to over 300 million homes in over 130 countries.
During the unlawful detention of Al Jazeera English staff in Egypt in 2014, Anstey called for their release worldwide with the "FreeAJStaff campaign", and campaigned for a free media, and the right for people worldwide to be properly informed.
Al Jazeera America was closed by Al Jazeera's parent company in 2016 as it was no longer sustainable given the economic challenges in US media marketplace, though it was recognised for the quality of its journalism and the progress made prior to closure.
Since leaving Al Jazeera America, Anstey founded has been CEO of Collingwood Worldwide, advising international companies on media strategy and communications.
Notable projects include advising the Global Commission on Adaptation chaired by former UN Secretary General, Ban Ki-moon, Bill Gates, and Kristalina Georgieva to raise awareness of the need to build resilience to the impacts of climate change worldwide.
Since 2016, Anstey has also conducted media "masterclasses" for the Thomson Foundation in both Morocco and Lebanon, and given speeches and lectures on integrity in journalism.
Since 2016, Anstey has been Chair of the board of trustees of People Need Nature, a UK based charity which exists to highlight the benefits that nature focused on achieving long term positive change.
Gertrud Spiess
Gertrud Spiess (16 April 1914 in Basel – 14 July 1995 in Basel) was a Swiss politician of the Christian Democratic People's Party.
She was a member of the National Council from 1975 to 1983.
Spiess was born in Basel to a mechanic.
She studied philology, German and history in Basel and Kiel.
Then she made Islamic studies in Basel and Cairo, Egypt and earned a doctor's degree in 1946 with her thesis "Maḥmūd von Ġazna bei Farīdu’d-dīn ʿAṭṭār" which was first published in print in 1959.
Spiess was a high school teacher of Latin and Ancient Greek.
Her life was shaped by her political commitment.
She sat in the Citizens' Council of Basel, campaigned for women's suffrage in Switzerland, and joined the Grand Council of Basel in 1968.
She became the first female "Statthalter" of the city of Basel in 1974, and the first female speaker of the Grand Council of the canton of Basel-Stadt.
Moreover, she was a member of the National Council from 1975 to 1983.
Her fields of interest included social and education policy.
Spiess was single.
Jalaa (disambiguation)
Jalaa language also known as Cèntûm, Centúúm or Cen Tuum, is an extinct language of northeastern Nigeria (Loojaa settlement in Balanga Local Government Area, Gombe State), of uncertain origins, apparently a language isolate.
Jalaa may also refer to:
Ushantha Perera
Ushantha Perera (born 5 September 1992) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 6 January 2020, for Unichela Sports Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
Chanuka Bandara (cricketer, born 1998)
Chanuka Bandara (born 13 February 1998) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 6 January 2020, for Unichela Sports Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
Nishan Thilanka
Nishan Thilanka (born 2 January 1991) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 6 January 2020, for Unichela Sports Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
Zephaniah Swift Spalding
Zephaniah Swift Spalding (September 2, 1837– June 19, 1927) was a veteran of the American Civil War, who was first sent to Hawaii on a clandestine mission for US Secretary of State .
He later moved to Hawaii and made a fortune in the sugar plantation business.
Commonly known as Col. Spalding, or as Z.
S, Zephaniah Swift Spalding was born in Warren, Ohio, on September 2,1837, the fifth of seven children of Lucretia A.
Swift Spalding and Rufus Paine Spalding .
As a young lawyer, Rufus had apprenticed under Lucretia's father Zephaniah Swift.
Two years after son Zephaniah's birth, Rufus entered politics, as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, and later as a member of the US House of Representatives.
In the American Civil War, Z. S. was a Union Army lieutenant colonel in the 27th Ohio Infantry.
During the reign of Kamehameha V, debates heated up in both Honolulu and Washington D. C. over a proposed sugar tariff reciprocity treaty between the United States and the Kingdom of Hawaii, versus outright American annexation of the island nation.
Secretary of State enlisted Spalding in an 1867 clandestine mission to Hawaii as a go-between observer accompanying United States Ambassador to Hawaii Edward M. McCook.
Spalding would later testify that Seward's verbal directives were to gather intelligence on the kingdom's perspectives of Hawaii's ties to America, but was unwilling to put his directives in writing.
His father Congressman Spalding received his son's missives, and forwarded them to Seward.
Following the defeat of a proposed reciprocity treaty in the United States Congress, Spalding was named the United States Consul to Hawaii for twelve months during 1868–1869.
Spalding eventually relocated to San Francisco, California.
With the passage of the Reciprocity Treaty of 1875, he returned to Hawaii as an agent for the "Sugar Refineries of the city of San Francisco" bidding for the total year's crop.
The planters rejected the proposition, and Spalding re-approached them as an independent buyer.
He along with John Smith Walker and William G. Irwin organized William G. Irwin & Co.
He began investing in the sugar industry, as owner of the Kealia Plantation on Kauai.
He married Wilhelmina Makee, daughter of James Makee, owner of the Makee Sugar Company at Kapaa.
Upon Makee's 1879 death, Spalding inherited all of his father-in-law's business investments.
As the 1883 renewal, or termination, of the reciprocity treaty neared, the previously independent planters saw it in their best interests to organize.
Spalding was one of the founders of the Planters Labor and Supply Company when it was chartered in March 1882.
In October, he was elected president.
The Makee Company was sold in 1916 for an undisclosed sum, but speculators at the time believed the sale price was in the area of $2,000,000 ().
Several individuals over the decades put forth proposals to lay a telegraph cable from San Francisco to each of the Hawaiian islands.
The Republic of Hawaii contracted with Spalding in 1895, allotting a modest annual subsidy for the project, with a stipulation of a completion deadline.
Additional funding was needed from the US government, but Congress failed to act on Spalding's request, and the terms of the contract could not be met.
It was not until 1900 that the US Senate allocated money for a cable, which was laid by the Commercial Pacific Company in 1902.
Spalding was appointed to represent Hawaii at the 1890 Universal Exposition (World's Fair) in Paris.
On July 18,1871, he married Wilhelmina Harris Makee (1847–1908).
They had five children: Rufus Paine Spalding (1875–1946), Catherine Lucretia “Kitty” Spalding Clearwater (1875–1965), Julia Makee Spalding Senni (1876–1949), Alice Makee Spalding Bonzi (1879–1949) and James Makee Spalding (1880–1954).
The children were educated in Europe.
The family maintained homes in both Hawaii and California.
Spalding's 50th birthday celebration on Kauai in 1887, drew an estimated attendance of 1,000 to 1400 guests.
Mrs. Spalding was primarily based in California, and had been in ill health for years, prior to her 1908 death.
Z. S. died June 19, 1927, at his home in Pasadena, California.
Rune Naito
Naito was born in Okazaki, Aichi.
He pursued illustration after discovering the art of Jun'ichi Nakahara as a child, and began correspondence with the artist after graduating high school.
Nakahara invited Natio to study under him as an assistant, prompting Naito to relocate from Okazaki to Tokyo at age 19.
In 1954, Nakahara became a contributor to "Junior Soleil", a girls' magazine edited by Nakahara, where he produced illustrations and wrote a fashion column titled "Fairy Memo".
He drew under the pen name "Rune", as a reference to filmmaker René Clément.
Naito's "Rune Girl" illustrations, first published in "Junior Soleil", were distinguished by their large heads ("nitōshin") and baby-faced features.
These illustrations are credited with pioneering the concept of "kawaii", expanding the meaning of the word beyond its use as synonymous with "childish" to define what would become a culture and aesthetic.
Children, fruit, and animals were common motifs in his art; after seeing pandas at the London Zoo in 1971, Naito created "Rune Panda", who would become one of his most ubiquitous and popular characters.
Naito's first books, "Konnichiwa Mademoiselle" and "Junior's Diary", were published in 1959 and 1960, respectively.
He departed girls' magazines in the 1960s to illustrate for women's, fashion, and interior design magazines.
From the 1960s to the 1980s, he produced his own line of commercial goods, including glassware, tableware, and stickers.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Naito contributed gay erotic illustrations to "Barazoku", the first commercially-circulated gay men's magazine in Japan; the cover to the first issue of the magazine was designed by Naito's long-time partner Ryu Fujita.
Naito's works were not overtly pornographic, instead depicting what he described as "cheerfulness and sexiness" that did not make men "look degraded."
Naito was publicly closeted for the majority of his life, and did not come out as gay until his 2005 memoir "Subete o Nakushite" ("After Losing Everything").
Though Natio's erotic illustrations were historically excluded from retrospectives of his work, recent exhibitions (such as 2019's "Roots of Kawaii") have begun to include them.
Beginning in the 1980s, Naito began to create works that were a departure from his early "kawaii" aesthetic, such as oil paintings and freehand sketches influenced by Henri Rousseau.
On October 24, 2007, Natio died of acute heart failure in his home in Izu, Shizuoka at the age of 74.
While Natio was widely recognized in Japan in his lifetime, his works have continued to grow in popularity since his death.
In 2011, founder Sebastian Masuda launched "Rune Boutique", an exhibition and pop-up shop featuring Natio's works, in Los Angeles.
In 2018, Peach Aviation launched a plane featuring artwork of Rune Girl.
Lasindu Arosha
Lasindu Arosha (born 21 April 1999) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 6 January 2020, for Unichela Sports Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
Danushka Madushanka
Danushka Madushanka (born 1 August 1990) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 6 January 2020, for Unichela Sports Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
William E. Cooper (general)
William E. Cooper (born 19 June 1929) is a retired major general in the United States Army who served as Deputy Director for Foreign Intelligence at the Defense Intelligence Agency.
He was commissioned through ROTC at The Citadel and holds degrees from the University of Miami and Georgetown University.
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Women's discus throw
The women's discus throw event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 13 July 1987.
Johann Dominikus Schultze
Johann Dominikus Schultze (June 16, 1751 in Gröden - May 22, 1790 in Hamburg) was a German doctor and natural scientist.
He attended the Johanneum and the Akademisches Gymnasium in Hamburg.
Here he heard lectures by the doctor and naturalist Johann Albert Heinrich Reimarus and the doctor and botanist Paul Dietrich Giseke .
The 1776 description of "Papilio arnaca" by Johann Christian Fabricius was based on an unspecified number of specimens from Suriname, in Schulze's collection.
Two other Schulze Lepidoptera were species of "Papilio" for which he selected names which had recently been introduced by Pieter Cramer ("claudia" and "iphigenia") for other species in "Uitlandsche Kapellen".
Thus Schulze's names were invalid primary homonyms.
Schulze said that Fabricius had visited him in Hamburg to see his collection, and would be including the new species in the "mantissa" (or supplement) to his "Systema entomologiæ" (1775) Fabricius duly did so in the 1777 "Genera insectorum" and Schulze's new names are often credited to Fabricius in error.
Thomas F. Cole (general)
Thomas Frederick Cole (born 17 November 1928) is a retired major general in the United States Army who served as Deputy Commanding General of Sixth United States Army from 1984 to 1988.
He was commissioned upon graduation from the United States Military Academy in 1952.
Beach handball at the World Beach Games
The Beach Handball World Games Tournament was first Contested in the 1st World Beach Games Event in Qatar, Doha for both genders men and women.
Mahmoud Chahoud
Mahmoud Chahoud (; born 3 February 1976) is a Lebanese former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Thurman Anderson
Thurman E. Anderson (born 2 June 1932) is a retired major general in the United States Army who served as Chief of Staff of United States Army Forces Command.
He is alumnus of North Georgia College.
Jayden Sweeney
Jayden Sweeney (born 4 December 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for EFL League Two side Leyton Orient.
Sweeney made his first-team debut for Leyton Orient in the FA Trophy on 15 December 2018, in a 4–0 win over Beaconsfield Town.
He turned professional when he signed a two-year professional contract with the O's in June 2019.
In November 2019, he joined Isthmian League Premier Division club Bishop's Stortford on loan, and scored on his debut in the 2–2 draw at Merstham on 30 November.
He made seven appearances in all competitions before returning to Orient in January 2020.
Thurman D. Rodgers
Thurman Donell Rodgers (born 1 December 1934) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Army.
His assignments included Commanding General the United States Army Information Systems Command, United States Army Signal Center and Fort Gordon.
Vincent M. Russo
Vincent Mario Russo (born 25 August 1930) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Army.
His assignments included Director of the Defense Logistics Agency and Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics.
He is an alumnus of Fordham University.
Joseph J. Skaff
Joseph John Skaff (born 13 June 1930) is a retired major general in the United States Army who served as Commander of Fort Devens.
He is a 1955 graduate of the United States Military Academy.
Toxic changes of neutrophils
Toxic changes is a term collectively given to the changes that neutrophils might show in a peripheral blood smear in response to inflammatory conditions.
The changes include toxic vacuolation, Döhle bodies, and toxic granulation.
Ippei Watanabe
Ippei Watanabe may refer to:
Thomas Allan (footballer, born 1999)
Thomas David Allan (born 23 September 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Newcastle United.
Chalais-Meudon
Chalais-Meudon is an aeronautical research and development centre in Meudon, to the south-west of Paris.
It was originally founded in 1793 in the nearby Château de Meudon and has played an important role in the development of French aviation.
The story of aviation at Chalais-Meudon starts in October 1793 when the French Public Safety Committee ordered the construction of an observation balloon capable of carrying two observers.
The old royal grounds at Meudon were allocated for this work, with the Château de Meudon chosen as the centre, with Nicolas-Jacques Conté as director.
Two French Balloon Corps balloon companies had already been created, and the new organisation's role was to build balloons and train their pilots and operators.
The first balloon, the "Entreprenant", was built within four months, and on 31 October 1794, the National School of Ballooning was created, with Conté as its director.
Many other balloons were then built in a short period, including, in 1795, "l’Intrépide" which, with the First Balloon Company, was captured by Austrian troops in 1796, and is now on display at the Austrian Military Museum in Vienna - the oldest aircraft in Europe.
They were all spherical hydrogen balloons with a diameter of at least .
Conté himself had improved production methods for hydrogen and the treatment of the gas bags.
In 1798 Napoleon sent one of the balloon companies in one ship to Egypt.
It was sunk by the British at Aboukir and all the equipment was lost.
The two balloon companies were disbanded soon afterwards, and work on balloons at Meudon ceased.
In 1877, balloons had regained their importance after their successful use in the Siege of Paris (1870–71).
Léon Gambetta, the Minister for War, who had himself escaped from Paris by balloon, created a commission of air communications, and Colonel Charles Renard was put in charge of military ballooning.
In 1877, he became director of the " l'Etablissement Central de l'Aérostation Militaire" (Central Establishment of Military Ballooning), and he created corps of balloonists, with a research centre at Meudon.
This was a new development in the grounds of the château and on the edge of the forest of Meudon.
It included a hexagonal lake, the Étang de Chalais, hence the location was named Chalais-Meudon.
A large series of buildings was planned.
It included the Research Laboratory for Military Ballooning which became the Military Aeronautical Laboratory.
The Universal Exhibition in Paris in 1878 had a huge Great Gallery of Machines, designed by Henri de Dion.
Renard brought the structure to Chalais-Meudon for use as a balloon store and workshop.
It was named Hangar Y (all buildings at the site were allocated a letter) and the building nearest to it, which was used for the production of hydrogen, was named Building Z. Hangar Y has dimensions of: length , width , height .
Balloons continued to be developed and built here, with great expansion of balloon manufacturing during World War I.
Balloon parks were created, with steam winches used to move the balloons, and most of the components were built on site, including wicker baskets and hydrogen generators.
Especially important at that time were the Caquot balloons, produced for all the allied countries.
The designer, Albert Caquot went on to plan the Chalais-Meudon wind tunnel and to propose the aviation museum (see below).
Balloon production ended in 1918.
Hangar Y was at first used for balloons, but Renard soon started work on airships, which the building could also accommodate.
This was therefore the world's first airship hangar, and one of very few that remain in Europe.
The first airship to be built was "La France".
In building it, Renard collaborated with Arthur Constantin Krebs, one of France's most notable inventors.
Its first flight was on 9 August 1884.
Taking off from outside Hangar Y, it flew over Villacoublay before returning and landing safely at its takeoff point, a flight of about taking 23 minutes.
This was the first ever fully controlled closed-circuit flight by a flying machine.
It was propelled by an electric motor, but the batteries were so heavy that even the designers recognised that it was, at the time, a dead end, and after a further six successful flights, its development was abandoned.
Another airship was built here in 1895, named the "Général Meusnier" after Jean Baptiste Meusnier who had a concept for a dirigible balloon in 1784.
Neither project flew.
There was a lot of airship activity in the early 20th century.
In 1901 Alberto Santos-Dumont based his Number 6 airship here.
Many airships visited for demonstrations or testing, including those from the Lebaudy brothers.
Their "Patrie" was here in 1906-7, followed by "La République" in 1908-9.
Data from
The army found that airships were becoming decreasingly useful during WWI, and on 1 January 1918 all airships were transferred to the navy.
Construction and delivery of the CM series for the navy was completed, but CM.6 to CM.8 had also been ordered, but were not built.
The last airship to use Hangar Y was the Voliris 900.
This modern commercial airship, long, was assembled, inflated and given a public presentation here in 2002.
It was then dismantled and moved to Clermont-Ferrand for flight testing the following year.
Émile Dorand was a balloonist and engineer, who had been at Chalais-Meudon since 1907 and was appointed head of the Military Aeronautical Laboratory.
After that closed, he was appointed as the first director of the Service Technique de l'Aéronautique (STAé) on 28 February 1916.
This was still based at Chalais-Meudon, and he continued with one of his interests – kites.
He had developed ever-larger kites, capable of supporting a man, and some were powered, with a "nacelle" (fuselage structure) which was suspended underneath large wings, and which had a steerable engine and propeller at the front.
While these showed some promise, and kites were being used by the army, the concepts were being overtaken by other ideas, so the interest in kites only lasted from around 1908 to 1916, by when all kite equipment had been returned to Chalais-Meudon, never to be used again.
One of the earliest experiments with aeroplanes at Chalais-Meudon was conducted by Victor Tatin who in 1879 developed a model monoplane, with a wing span of , powered by a compressed air engine.
Tied to a central pole in a circular track it took off and flew for about entirely under its own power - the first model aeroplane ever to do so.
From 1902 to 1905 Renard invited several aviation experimenters to have devices built or tested at Chalais-Meudon.
They included Léon Levavasseur, Ernest Archdeacon and Ferdinand Ferber.
In 1910 the laboratory acquired around 20 aircraft and started training military pilots.
More facilities for research and testing were installed, including test benches and wind tunnels.
Marcel Bloch worked at the laboratory during World War I, developing a propeller named the "Éclair" and, with Henry Potez who was the Dorand's assistant at the STAé, and Louis Coroller, formed a company, the "Société d'Études Aéronautiques" to produce the SEA series of fighters.
On 12 January 1918 Commander Caquot replaced Colonel Durand as director of the STAé.
At the end of WWI the STAé itself moved to the Issy-les-Moulineaux, about to the north-east of Chalais-Meudon, taking some of the research activities with it, but retaining some activities at Chalais-Meudon.
Its activities continued between the wars, but with only a small flying field available much of the aircraft testing was moved to the nearby Villacoublay airfield about to the south-west, and the rest of the aircraft testing, and some other research activities went to Issy.
During the occupation of World War II, German researchers used the facilities, including the Great Wind Tunnel, for testing their own aircraft and interesting captured French designs such as the Payen PA-22.
In 1946, the engine testing service moved back to Chalais-Meudon and became the "Centre d'Essai des Moteurs et Hélices" (CEMH).
In 1929 Albert Caquot began planning for what was then the largest wind tunnel in the world.
It was designed by Antonin Lapresle, who was a colleague of Gustave Eiffel who had built two wind tunnels with great success in Paris in 1909 and 1912.
Building started in 1932 and it was completed in 1934.
It was capable of testing complete aircraft up to span.
Built of reinforced concrete, it was powered by six fans of each, and airspeeds could reach .
Named the S1Ch wind tunnel, and also called "La Grande Soufflerie" (The Great Wind Tunnel), it has been used for testing cars and buildings, as well as aircraft including the Dassault Mirage III, the Caravelle and Concorde.
It closed in 1977 and is preserved as a historic monument.
In 1919, Albert Caquot proposed the setting up of an aeronautical museum, and items were collected at Issy-les-Moulineaux and at Chalais-Meudon, with many items preserved from the balloon, engine and aviation activities that had taken place at those locations.
The items were soon gathered into the balloon basket hangar at Chalais-Meudon, which opened to the public in 1921.
The "Museé de l’Air" was the world's first aviation museum, and the collection constantly grew.
After WWII the decision was made to move the crowded museum to larger premises.
With the building of the Charles de Gaulle Airport at Roissy, Le Bourget Airport had an increasing amount of space available, and the collection was gradually moved there.
The process started in the early 1970s, and the new museum opened to the public in 1975.
The Chalais-Meudon museum was finally closed in 1981.
Now renamed the "Musée de l’Air et de l’Espace", it continues to thrive at Le Bourget.
In 1946, the STAé was replaced by the "Office National d'Etudes et de Recherches Aérospatiales" (ONERA), and it took over most of the Chalais-Meudon site, where it remains to this day.
Hangar Y was designated a historic monument in 1982, but has fallen into disrepair.
Some maintenance has taken place, and there are plans for it to be restored to become the European Centre for Balloons and Airships and a cultural and education centre.
2020 Montreal Earthquake
The 2020 Montreal Earthquake occurred with a moment magnitude of 3.4 along the Canada-US Border.
The strongest earthquake to have hit Montreal was in 1732 with a Richter scale of 5.8.
In 2013, the Insurance Bureau of Canada estimated that an earthquake of magnitude 7.1 along the St-Lawrence fault line will cause $CAD 60 billion in damage.
Takabe
Takabe (written: ) is a Japanese surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
1908–09 Scottish Districts season
The 1908–09 Scottish Districts season is a record of all the rugby union matches for Scotland's district teams.
Edinburgh District beat Glasgow District in the Inter-City match
No other District matches played.
No touring matches this season.
Kyle Dargan
Kyle Dargan is an American poet.
He is the author of five poetry collections.
Dargan is currently an Associate Professor of literature and the Assistant Director of creative writing at American University.
Dargan was born in Newark, New Jersey.
He received a BA from the University of Virginia and MFA from Indiana University.
Dargan's first four poetry collections were published by University of Georgia Press.
His first collection, "The Listening" (2004), was the recipient of the Cave Canem Poetry Prize in 2004.
His second collection, "Bouquet of Hungers" (2007), was awarded the Hurston/Wright Legacy Award in poetry in 2016.
"Logorrhea Dementia" was published in 2010 and "Honest Engine" was published in 2015.
Dargan's fifth book, "Anagnorisis", (Triquarterly, 2018), won the Lenore Marshall Poetry Prize from the Academy of American Poets in 2018.
Dargan is currently an Associate Professor of literature and the Assistant Director of creative writing at American University.
He is the founder and editor of "POST NO ILLS" magazine.
Dargan lives in Washington D.C.
Benjamin F. Register
Benjamin Franklin Register Jr. (10 June 1930 – 5 August 2019) was a lieutenant general in the United States Army.
His assignments included Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics.
Register was commissioned as a distinguished military graduate from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1951, and served until his retirement in 1987.
2014 British Athletics Championships
The 2014 British Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track and field for athletes in the United Kingdom, held from 27-29 June at Alexander Stadium in Birmingham.
It was organised by UK Athletics.
It served as a selection meeting for the 2014 European Athletics Championships.
Bogdan Milovanov
Bogdan Milovanov (born 19 April 1998) is an Ukrainian footballer who plays for Spanish club Sporting de Gijón B as a right back.
Born in Lugansk, Milovanov moved to the Community of Madrid at early age and made his senior debut with Alcobendas CF during the 2014–15 season, in Tercera División.
In July 2015, he moved to Getafe CF and returned to youth football.
On 10 August 2017, after being sparingly used by Getafe's reserves, Milovanov signed for Segunda División B side UD San Sebastián de los Reyes.
On 9 July of the following year, he joined another reserve team, Sporting de Gijón B also in the third division.
Milovanov made his debut for the Asturians' first team on 14 January 2020, starting in a 1–0 home win against Elche CF for the Segunda División championship.
Erik Liberman
Erik Liberman is an American actor and author.
Liberman has originated stage roles in Broadway productions including "War Paint", and "LoveMusik".
He also originated roles in the productions "The Band's Visit", "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" musical, "Reefer Madness!
", and "Somewhere in Time".
He has also held roles in revivals including "Into the Woods", "Minnie's Boys", "Fiddler on the Roof", and "Merrily We Roll Along".
He also provided the choreography for "Mabou Mines Dollhouse".
Liberman began working in the television industry as a child.
He later appeared on the season finale episode of "Transparent", in addition to episodes of "Vinyl", "Modern Family", and "Unforgettable".
Liberman is the co-author of books including "Luminous Life: How the Science of Light Unlocks the Art of Living" and has written for publications including the "Hollywood Reporter".
He has also written a book on the subject of Jayne Mansfield.
Copmanhurst Shire
Copmanhurst Shire was a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Copmanhurst Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were in Grafton.
Other towns and villages in the shire included Copmanhurst and Myrtle.
Copmanhurst Shire was abolished and split on 25 February 2004 with part merged with Maclean Shire, City of Grafton and Pristine Waters Shire to create Clarence Valley Council and the balance merged with Richmond River Council.
Ronald L. Watts
Ronald L. Watts (born 27 June 1934) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Army.
His assignments included Commanding General of 1st Infantry Division, 2nd Armored Division, VII Corps and Deputy Commanding General of First United States Army.
Derya Akkaynak
Derya Akkaynak is a mechanical engineer and oceanographer at the Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institute.
She was a 2019 finalist for the Blavatnik Awards for Young Scientists.
Akkaynak is from the Aegean coast of Turkey.
She studied aerospace engineering at the Middle East Technical University, where she graduated top of her class.
She moved to the United States after graduating, where she earned a Master's degree in Aeronautics in 2005.
Her Master's dissertation involved investigations into fuel cells for the improvement of on-site emergency power availability in nuclear power plants.
After graduating Akkaynak worked as a consultant in risk analysis.
She decided to return to school, and started a doctoral degree in oceanography at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
For her doctoral work, Akkaynak worked on computational methods to model the camouflage of cephalopods under the supervision of Ruth Rosenholtz and Roger Hanlon.
She developed a means to calibrate and correct underwater colour, introduced an equation that could quantify the spectral contamination, used "in situ" spectrometry to colour match cuttlefish to their background and created a new computational approach to quantify patterns.
In 2011 Akkaynak founded Divers4Oceanography, a citizen science project that collects ocean temperature data from divers all around the world.
She worked at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute throughout 2015.
After completing a short term fellowship in Panama, Akkaynak moved to the University of Haifa.
She was appointed a postdoctoral fellow at Princeton University in 2018, before joining Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institute as an engineer in 2019.
Underwater photography is often compromised by dull and incorrect colours.
Akkaynak developed "Sea-thru", an algorithm that can remove the artefacts and distortions that occur in underwater imagery.
"Sea-thru" accounts for differences in underwater and atmospheric light scattering and absorption, reversing water-based image distortion, as well as accommodating for the spectral sensitivity of underwater cameras.
To perform the corrections, "Sea-thru" requires multiple RAW images of the same scene from a variety of angles, which it uses to estimate the distance between the camera and the object being imaged.
In 2019 Akkaynak was named a finalist for the Blavatnik Awards for Young Scientists for "significant breakthroughs and advancements in computer vision and underwater imaging technologies".
She is the first Turkish scientist to receive this award.
Akkaynak is a Professional Association of Diving Instructors certified divemaster and ice diver.
She dives for the American Academy of Underwater Sciences.
She has led underwater fieldwork in the Bering Sea, Caribbean, Red Sea and her home ocean, the Aegean Sea.
John W. Woodmansee
John William Woodmansee Jr. (born 27 January 1934) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Army.
His assignments included Commanding General of V Corps.
He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1956.
Catalina Murillo
Catalina Murillo Valverde (born 6 June 1970) is a Costa Rican author and screenwriter, winner of the in 2018 for her novel "Maybe Managua".
Catalina Murillo Valverde was born in a taxi in San José on 6 June 1970.
She attended college at the Liceo Franco Costarricense.
She studied collective communication sciences at the University of Costa Rica and screenwriting at the Escuela Internacional de Cine y Televisión (EICTV) in San Antonio de los Baños, Cuba.
She worked as a screenwriter on the Costa Rican television series ' and '.
At age 28 she emigrated to Madrid, Spain.
She lived there for a decade, working as a film and television screenwriter, and as an analyst and screenwriting tutor.
She has been a juror and script reader for contests and festivals such as Oaxaca Sundance, Ibermedia, the Costa Rica International Book Fair, and the Guadalajara International Book Fair.
She was a juror at the 2018 San José shnit international shortfilmfestival.
She has published "Largo Domingo Cubano" (1995), "Marzo todopoderoso" (2003), "Corredoiras y Largo Domingo Cubano" (2017), and "Tiembla, Memoria" (2017).
In 2018, she published "Maybe Managua" through , for which she received the for best novel, shared with the work "Mierda" by Carla Pravisani.
She is currently a script consultant and teacher at Fuentetaja Workshops, as well as a thesis tutor at the (UNIR).
Tomki Shire
Tomki Shire was a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Tomki Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were in Casino.
Other towns and villages in the shire included Rappville.
Tomki Shire was abolished and split on 1 January 1976 with part absorbed by the Municipality of Casino and part merged with Woodburn Shire to form Richmond River Shire.
Kasturiswami Sreenivasan
Kasthuri Sreenivasan or Kasturiswami Sreenivasan (12 May 1917 - 5 July 1991) was an Indian textile technologist, industrial sociologist and prolific author.
He was born in , a small village near Coimbatore.
He did his undergraduate in Physics from Presidency College, Chennai, and then a Masters in Textile Technology at the College of Technology, Manchester, England.
He was the founding director of The South India Textile Research Association.
For his contributions to building that institution, he was awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Govt.
of India in 1969.
He founded the Kasthuri Sreenivasan Art Gallery And Textile Museum in Coimbatore in 1983.
as well as the Coimbatore Cancer Foundation in 1991, following his battle with cancer.
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Men's 100 metres
The men's 100 metres event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 13 and 14 July 1987.
Wind:<br>Heat 1: +1.0 m/s, Heat 9: -0.6 m/s
Wind:<br>Heat 3: +1.0 m/s
Wind:<br>Heat 1: -1.1 m/s, Heat 2: ?
Wind: +0.5 m/s
Raymond Mendy
Raymond Mendy (born 7 January 1996) is a Gambian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sandvikens IF.
Members of the 33rd Dáil
This will be a list of the members who will be elected to the 33rd Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Oireachtas (legislature) of Ireland.
These TDs (members of parliament) will be elected at the 2020 general election on 8 February.
The general election will take place throughout the state to elect 159 of the 160 members of Dáil Éireann, an increase of 2.
This follows the passing of the Electoral (Amendment) (Dáil Constituencies) Act 2017.
The remaining seat will be taken by the outgoing Ceann Comhairle, who will be returned automatically.
The 33rd Dáil is due to convene for the first time on 20 February 2020.
The Ceann Comhairle is automatically returned unless he states his intention to retire before the Dáil is dissolved.
The incumbent, Seán Ó Fearghaíl, having made no such announcement, is thus due to be a member of the 33rd Dáil.
The list is given in alphabetical order by constituency.
Party affiliations are given as they were at the time of election.
Kenric Green
Kenric Green (born March 30, 1982) is an American actor, writer and producer who began his career in 2006.
He is best known for his portrayal of Scott in the television series "The Walking Dead".
He has also appeared in "" and "Hawaii Five-0".
Green was born in South Carolina.
He is married to fellow actor Sonequa Martin-Green, with whom he has a child.
People's Tribunal
People’s Tribunal refers to nongovernmental tribunals founded by citizens.
It may refer to:
Tribunal founded by a government (but overseen by Allied Commission) that is named as People's Tribunal:
Woodburn Shire
Woodburn Shire was a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Woodburn Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
It absorbed the Municipality of Coraki on 1 January 1934.
The shire offices were in Coraki.
Other towns and villages in the shire included Broadwater, Evans Head and Woodburn.
Woodburn Shire was abolished and amalgamated with part of Tomki Shire to form Richmond River Shire on 1 January 1976.
Italian submarine Luigi Settembrini
Luigi Settembrini was the lead ship of her class of two submarines built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
She played a minor role in the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 supporting the Spanish Nationalists.
The "Settembrini" class was an improved and enlarged version of the preceding s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 56 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with eight torpedo tubes, four each in the bow and stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two or four machine guns.
"Luigi Settembrini" was launched by Cantieri navali Tosi di Taranto at their Taranto shipyard on 28 September 1930 and completed later that year.
During the Spanish Civil War she made one patrol in the Eastern Mediterranean during which she attacked the Soviet cargo ship off the island of Skyros on 1 September 1937.
"Luigi Settimbrini" missed with her first torpedo, but the boat surfaced and fired a warning shot, which caused the freighter's crew to abandon ship.
The submarine then fired a pair of torpedoes which sank the Soviet ship.
China Tribunal
China Tribunal is a People's Tribunal founded by the International Coalition to End Transplant Abuse in China (ETAC), and international non-profit organization, and its headquarter is located at London.
The chair of China Tribunal is Sir Geoffrey Nice QC, who has been a deputy prosecutor at the trial of Slobodan Milošević in the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY).
Other members includes Martin Elliott, the Professor of Paediatric Cardiothoracic Surgery at University College London etc.
One of the famous events of China Tribunal is that it pronounced its verdict on Organ Harvesting in China, and the Chinese government was found guilty on June 17, 2019.
Italian submarine Ruggiero Settimo
Reggio Settimo was one of two s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
The "Settembrini" class was an improved and enlarged version of the preceding s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 56 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with eight torpedo tubes, four each in the bow and stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two or four machine guns.
"Ruggerio Settimo" was launched by Cantieri navali Tosi di Taranto at their Taranto shipyard on 29 March 1931.
Clare Kirchberger
Clare Kirchberger, born Clara Kirchberger, was an Anglican nun and medievalist, who edited and translated several works of Christian mysticism.
Kirchberger was educated at South Hampstead High School and Somerville College, Oxford.
In 1912 she was the only woman to obtain a first class in Modern Languages in the Oxford final examinations.
She was Assistant Lecturer in Modern Languages at Girton College in 1913-14.
Around 1914 she joined the All Saints' Anglican Sisterhood at St Albans.
Kirchberger's 1927 adaptation to modern English of "The Mirror of Simple Souls" was published in the Orchard Spiritual Classics series, "part of the rediscovery by a newly reinvigorated English Roman Catholic intelligentsia of what they saw as their own pre-Reformation heritage".
Like Evelyn Underhill before her, Kirchberger assumed its French author was male.
She tentatively identified its Middle English translator as Michael of Northburgh.
1880s Kilmarnock F.C.
seasons
This is a list of Kilmarnock F.C.
seasons in the 1880s.
Kilmarnock entered the Scottish Cup, the first round was a 6–1 loss against Hurlford F.C.
which was declared void.
They then lost the replay 3–1 but Hurlford were disqualified.
They eventually lost 4–1 against Annbank F.C.
in the second round.
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock entered the Scottish Cup, the first round was a 7–1 win against Annbank.
which was declared void.
They then lost the second round 4–3 against Hurlford F.C., however this game was declared void.
The two teams ended up playing each other 4 times before Hurlford won the fourth replay 5–1, knocking Kilmarnock out of the cup.
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock entered the Scottish Cup, the first round was a walkover win against Cumnock.
They then won the second round 10–2 against Lanemark.
In the third round, Kilmarnock won 7–2 against Lugar Boswell.
A bye in the fourth round saw them play Dunblane in which Kilmarnock won 6–0.
Kilmarnock’s journey came to an end in the quarter finals with a 5–0 to Queen’s Park.
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock entered the Scottish Cup, the first round was an 8–2 win against Ayr Thistle F.C at home.
They received a bye in the second round.
In the third round, Kilmarnock drew 2–2 against Dykebar F.C.
before winning the replay 9–1.
The fourth round saw Kilmarnock knocked out by Partick Thistle F.C.
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock entered the Scottish Cup, the first round was a 5–0 win against Lugar Boswell F.C.
They then lost 3–1 against Kilbirnie F.C.
at home.
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Kilmarnock were knocked put in the first round in a 3–2 at home against Annbank F.C..
All results are written with Kilmarnock's score first.
Tintenbar Shire
Tintenbar Shire was a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Tintenbar Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were in Alstonville.
Other towns and villages in the shire included Lennox Head, Tintenbar and Wardell.
Tintenbar Shire was amalgamated with the Municipality of Ballina to form Ballina Shire on 1 January 1977.
Lisa Gersh
Lisa Gersh is an American businesswoman who has served as the CEO of companies such as Martha Stewart Living, Goop, and the Alexander Wang fashion label.
She was a co-founder of the Oxygen Network.
Currently, she is an executive partner at Attention Capital, LLC.
Gersh tells the story that she grew up poor in The Bronx, New York City, and began working as an umpire for girls' softball games to earn cash.
Due to unionization, she found great pay at the Foodtown grocery store, where she worked in highschool and made a game of memorizing all the prices to entertain herself.
She cites her mother as a big influence and inspired her to pursue her passions.
Her mother also taught her to listen, a skill that has served her well in leadership positions.
Gersh also cites Geraldine Laybourne as an influence who taught her a number of valuable lessons.
Gersh received her undergraduate degree from SUNY Binghamton, after which she earned her JD from Rutgers University.
She is a member of the New York State Bar Association.
In 1986 she began work as a partner at Friedman Kaplan Seiler & Adelman LLP.
In making the switch from legal to creative business, she describes how she had to learn to engage artists to give their best pitch, which was different than how she had engaged with legal clients.
Since making that change, she has been brought on as CEO of Martha Stewart Living, Goop, and the Alexander Wang fashion label.
Alexander Wang said that he had hoped "Lisa's ... diverse background in the media, lifestyle and digital landscape will help us continue to position the business to expand into new categories and territories."
Additional work by Gersh has included President of Strategic Initiatives at NBC Universal, Interim CEO at The Weather Channel, and founder/COO of the Oxygen Network.
Since October 2019, she has worked as an Executive Partner at Attention Capital LLC, an American company acquiring and building media brands in the attention economy.
She currently serves as a board member for Hasbro Inc., University of Southern California, Establishment Labs SA, and POPSUGAR Inc.
Broadacre, Ohio
Broadacre (previously known as Creswell and Skelly's Station) is an unincorporated community in Wayne Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located about northeast of Bloomingdale at the intersection of Ohio State Route 152 and Township Route 166, at .
Nathan M. Grew built the first mill in Wayne township in this location on Cross Creek.
When the railroad came through, a station was built here called Creswell, and the community was known as such.
The Creswell Post Office was established on June 10, 1869.
Around the turn of the century, the name of the community was possibly called Skelley, but later changed to Broadacre.
The name of the post office was changed to Broadacre Post Office on June 15, 1915, and it was later discontinued on August 31, 1948.
Previous to 1951, the Pennsylvania Railroad was operating a passenger station, and later a freight terminal, at the "Broadacre Station" location, and as of 1962, the USGS officially recoginized the name of the community as Broadacre.
In 1990, the community was described as a hamlet.
Bill Moen
William F. Moen Jr. (born November 14, 1986) is an American Democratic Party politician from Camden, who has represented the 5th Legislative District in the New Jersey Assembly since January 14, 2020.
When he took office, he was the state's youngest legislator in the Assembly.
Before taking office in the Assembly, Moen served on the Camden County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 2016 to 2019, where he was one of the youngest people elected to serve as freeholder.
Moen resigned from his position as freeholder in March 2019 in order to focus on his run for assembly and was replaced by Melinda Kane.
Raised in Runnemede, Moen has been a resident of Camden.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly.
The other representatives from the 5th District for the 2020-2021 Legislative Session are:
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Women's 100 metres
The women's 100 metres event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 13 and 14 July 1987.
Wind: +0.5 m/s
Orara Shire
Orara Shire was a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Orara Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were in South Grafton.
Orara Shire was abolished and split on 1 January 1957 with part absorbed along with the Municipality of South Grafton and parts of Copmanhurst Shire into the City of Grafton and part merged with the Municipality of Maclean to form Maclean Shire, part merged with Municipality of Ulmurra to form Ulmurra Shire.
Ministry of Development Planning (Spain)
The Ministry of Development Planning () was a ministerial department of the Government of Spain that existed between 1973 and 1976 during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco to prepare, promote and monitor the execution of the Economic and Social Development Plans that were enforced throughout the period known as the Spanish miracle.
Its first officeholder was Laureano López Rodó.
2014–15 Leinster Senior Cup
The 2014–15 Leinster Senior Cup, was the 114th staging of the Leinster Senior Cup association football competition.
It was won by Dundalk.
The final was played at Oriel Park on October 26, 2015.
2019 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Elena Kagan
2019 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Neil Gorsuch
Lungni
Lungni is a village in the Northern region of Ghana, it is in the Wulensi District.
Lungni is part of the territory of the Nanumbas a variant of the Dagomba ethnic group.
The village over the years has had disputes regarding who provides candidates for the role of chieftaincy.
To this extent the Nanumbas, Komkombas and Bassares have all laid claim to it.
Lungni is sandwiched between Kpandae and wulensi.
The inhabitants are predominantly farmers who grow yam and cereals.
The village has a primary and junior secondary school but not a secondary school.
Juan De Dios Rivas Margalef
Juan De Dios Rivas Margalef (born 7 July 1999), commonly known as Juande, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Málaga CF as a central defender.
Born in Córdoba, Andalusia, Juande joined Málaga CF's youth setup in 2014, aged 14.
He made his senior debut with the reserves on 2 September 2018, starting in a 1–3 Segunda División B away loss against Marbella FC.
Juande made his first team debut on 14 January 2020, starting in a 1–0 home victory versus SD Ponferradina for the Segunda División championship.
Manuel Pinto de Morais Bacelar, 1st Viscount of Monte Alegre
Dom Manuel Pinto de Morais Bacelar 1st Count of Monte Alegre, was a Portuguese general.
He was the son of the auxiliary infantry field master of the Bragança garrison, Lazarus Pinto de Morais Bacelar, and a descendant of the former masters of the Bacelar Tower.
In 1756 he enlisted in the Cavalry Regiment of Chaves, and at the time of the War of 1762 raised at his expense a cavalry company, for which he obtained by decree of 19 June the rank of Captain.
With the regiment took he part in the military operations marching to the province of Minho, which was then threatened by the sides of Valencia, and later, at the proposal of Brigadier Smith.
who commanded the corps, proceeded to act interimly as Major.
Promoted to the effectiveness of this post in July 1782, he rose to Lieutenant-Colonel in March 1789, and finally to Colonel in November 1796 with the command of the regiment in which he had always served.
In the failed enterprise that during the war of 1801 Field Marshal Gomes Freire de Andrade undertook with the troops of the command of Lieutenant-General D. Manuel José Lobo against Monte Rei he covered Manuel Pinto Bacelar with great bravery and arranged the withdrawal of our troops contributing powerfully to save the forces engaged in that commission, and to maintain the credit and honor of our weapons.
When the war was over, he was promoted to brigadier, always at the head of the regiment, until it was re-melted with the denomination of 6th Cavalry Regiment.
Although removed from active service, when in 1807 he planned to resist the French invasion, Brigadier Bacelar offered to obey the orders of Lieutenant General Sepúlveda, accepting the command of a planned line of defense of the northern provinces that the government had ordered.
However, all these preparations for the fight were ordered to be suspended, and Napoleon's troops were able to enter Portugal without finding anyone to take their step.
Returning to the house of Vilar de Ossos there, he was retired until, summoned by the patriotic voice of Sepulveda in June 1808, he was appointed acting interim commander of the Douro district troops, an appointment confirmed by the government board established in Porto.
.
In the performance of these duties he patented all the skill and energy he was endowed with, actively taking care of reorganizing the provincial troops, especially the cavalry, until, when the revolution against the French was broken in Viseu, he was the Brigadier in charge of the interim government.
Beira province's weapons for the need to put in this post, according to the ordinance that appointed him, a trusted general officer.
Having determined the total reorganization of the army on July 22, and were then ordered to constitute an operations corps in Extremadura, another of observations in Beira and Trás-os-Montes, and also a reserve in Coimbra, Bacelar was given the command of the second with the which marched from the vicinity of the Guard towards Castelo Branco regulating its movements by those of the operations army (that obeyed Bernardim Freire de Andrade) in combination with those of the English army of Wellesley.
Continuing the march, he made important raids on the enemy at Constância and Santarém, and then went to Santo António do Tojal to join the army of operations stationed at Mafra.
After being summoned to Lisbon with the other generals to report to the government, he was promoted to field marshal, and shortly thereafter sent to Porto to assist General Bernardim Freire in the important commissions he was assigned.
At the end of 1808 he was mandated to take command of the observation body for the provinces of Beira and Trás-os-Montes, with which he marched to the city of Guarda and went to occupy the positions between that city and that of Castelo Branco, from where he succeeded.
to circumvent the attempts of French general Lapisse, who sought to enter Beira Baixa, while Soult invaded Portugal from the north.
In the operations of Wellington to recover the city of Porto, Bacelar was in charge of several movements in the right of the Anglo-Portuguese army, and having, according to the instructions he had received, passed the Douro in Régua, directed himself over Mesão Frio, and was sent from there.
march to Chaves, through the Serra do Marão by Mondim de Basto and Pernalves.
After the French were expelled, General Bacelar returned to his command of Beira, and having been promoted to lieutenant general, in Viseu he remained until, in June 1810, being given the superior command of the corps of the Militias of the three northern provinces and Porto party, went to establish their headquarters in Lamego.
In this situation he carefully took care of organizing the auxiliary troops of the provincial army, and when Massena invaded the Portuguese territory, Bacelar long kept the northern provinces of the kingdom free from enemies, and then operating against Drouet over the Alva and Claperéde, which had occupied Lamego, finally succeeded, when the imperial troops withdrew, to limit their left flank to Mondego and to preserve the peoples on the right bank of that river from the horrors and catastrophes that accompanied the passing of the French soldiers.
The services he then performed and our general received a letter of praise from Marshal Wellington, which was published in the Order of the Day, and later the title of Viscount Monte Alegre, which the sovereign gave him on December 17.
In the following year, he took part in military operations, when Marmont and Brenier devastated some of our lands near the border, and thereafter continued quietly in charge of him until he died in Viseu.
Bacelar married on the 16 July 1776 to D. Joana Delfina Vanzeler Teixeira de Andrade Pinto, daughter of Pedro Francisco Vanzeler, colonel of dragons and governor of S. Noutel Fort in Chaves, and his wife, D. Maria Josefa Barbosa Silva Silva Teixeira Andrade Pinto.
List of Eagle Award nominees and winners
The following is a list winners and nominees (if available) of the Eagle Award, sorted by year that the award was presented.
The Eagle Awards were first distributed in 1977 and were consistently presented in the 1980s and the 2000s (being mostly dormant in the 1990s).
In 2014, in connection with Stan Lee, the Eagle Awards were renamed, and presented as, the True Believer Comic Awards.
They have not returned since then.
Presented at the British Comic Art Convention on 3 September 1977, at the Bloomsbury Centre Hotel, London.
Nominations in 19 categories:
Presented at the British Comic Art Convention, 29 July, 1978, for comics released during 1977.
Nominations in 21 categories.
Presented at "Comicon '79," the British Comic Art Convention 11, Hotel Metropole, Birmingham, on September 1, 1979.
For comics published in 1980.
The Eagle Awards were not presented or distributed in 1982 (except for possibly the Roll of Honour).
For comics published in 1982; awards presented 15 October 1983 at the London Comic Mart, Central Hall, Westminster, by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons.
The 1984 awards (for comics published in 1983) were announced/presented at the Birmingham Comic Art Show, on Saturday, June 2, 1984.
London Comic Mart, Central Hall Westminster, on Saturday, June 2, 1984
For comics released in 1984.
Awards for comics released during 1985 were presented on Sunday, June 1, 1986 at The Birmingham Comic Art Show.
The winners were:
The 1986 results were presented on Saturday, September 5, 1987, at UKCAC87, The Institute of Education, London WC1.
The winners were:
The Awards for comics released during 1987 were presented on Saturday, September 24, 1988 at UKCAC88, The Institute of Education, London WC1.
The winners were:
The results for 1989 were presented at the 1990 United Kingdom Comic Art Convention (UKCAC) on September 23 by Paul Gambaccini and Dave Gibbons.
The winners were:
Best Newcomer: Alex Ronald
The following award nominations cover creators and work published in the U.S. and Canada only (irrespective of the country of origin of the work or the nationality of its creators), with nominations based purely on work published in 1999:
A lifetime achievement award.
Note: Voting ended in October 2001 and the winners were announced in June 2002, so news reports announced these variously as the 2001, or 2002 Eagle Awards.
The following award nominations cover creators and work published in the US and Canada only (irrespective of the country of origin of the work or the nationality of its creators), with nominations based purely on work published in 2000:
Presented at the inaugural Comic Expo, held November 6–7, at the Ramada City Inn in Bristol.
The results were announced on 13 May 2006 at the Comic Expo in Bristol.
Nominations were made by the general comics reading public via the Eagle Awards website then the five most popular became nominees for the awards.
The ceremony was held on Saturday, May 12, 2007 at the 2007 Bristol Comics Expo and was hosted by Norman Lovett.
The ceremony was held on Saturday May 10, 2008, at the Bristol Comic Expo, and the awards were presented by comedian Fraser Ayres.
The 2009 vote was skipped but the 2010 awards (for work done in 2009) were presented at the London MCM Expo in a gala held at ExCeL London on 29 October 2009.
The awards for work in 2010 on 27 May 2011 and was presented by Billy West.
The 2012 Eagle Awards were announced on 25 May 2012.
The Eagle Awards returned one last time, renamed as The True Believers Comics Award but keeping essentially the same format as in the past.
They were presented at the London Film and Comic Con (with Anthony Stewart Head hosting) on July 12, 2014.
Schoenus ligulatus
Schoenus ligulatus is a species of sedge endemic to the western regions of the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
The key diagnostic character of "S. ligulatus" are its linear-lanceolate spikelets and narrow elliptic nutlets.
"Schoenus exilis" resembles "S. ligulatus", but the former is a shorter species (<350 mm) compared to the taller "S. ligulatus" (>350 mm).
In addition, the spikelets of "S. exilis" are shorter (mostly <4.5 mm) compared to those of "S. ligulatus".
Another key difference between the two species is that "S. exilis" often has membranaceous ligules, whereas the ligules of "S. ligulatus" tend to be firmer.
"Schoenus quartziticus" is also a similar species; however, it has broad elliptic nutlets and shorter spikelets (<4.0 mm) compared to those of "S. ligulatus".
Similar to other sedges, plants in this group are very difficult to identify.
It appears that part of this problem is caused by the tendency of the southern African "Schoenus" to form hybrids with each other.
It appears that "Schoenus ligulatus" forms hybrids with other southern African "Schoenus" species, specifically "Schoenus cuspidatus".
"Schoenus ligulatus" is a species in family Cyperaceae, tribe Schoeneae.
Other notable genera in tribe Schoeneae include "Lepidosperma", "Oreobolus", "Costularia", "Tetraria" and "Gahnia".
The most closely-related species to "S. ligulatus" are other southern African "Schoenus" species, specifically, species in the "S. cuspidatus" and allies group.
Southern African "Schoenus" were once classified as "Tetraria"; however, based on molecular and morphological differences, we now know that the two groups are evolutionary distinct.
To ensure that this group of sedges is monophyletic (i.e.
the genus only has closely-related species), the southern African "Tetraria" were transferred into "Schoenus".
In the field, the southern African "Schoenus" can be distinguished from "Tetraria" species by their lack of stem leaves and the absence of reticulate sheaths at the bases of the flowering stems.
"Schoenus ligulatus" is a species of sedge found in the western areas of the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
This species generally occurs in wet habitats, but it can also be found growing on drier sites.
The reported elevation range of "S. ligulatus" is between 100 and 750 m.
Lactarius alachuanus
Lactarius alachuanus is a member of the large genus "Lactarius" (order Russulales), known as milk-caps.
Found in North America, the species was first described in 1938 by American mycologist William Alphonso Murrill.
It is associated with oaks ("Quercus" spp.
).
Featley
Featley is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
1950 East German state elections
State elections were held in East Germany on 15 October 1950.
They were the last state elections in the country, as the states were dissolved in 1952.
Voters were presented with a single list from the Socialist Unity Party of Germany-dominated National Front, which they could only approve or reject.
The seat allocation in each of the state parliaments was agreed in advance between the constituent parties and mass organizations of the Front.
Voting was not secret, and citizens that voted against the list or abstained were persecuted.
Genuine or presumed opponents of the SED that participated in other member parties of the National Front were arrested or forced to flee to West Germany.
Harsent
Harsent is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Midson
Midson is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Sakura Mori
She was the women's singles winner at the 2017 India Open.
She also won the women's doubles title at the 2015 Belarus Open with Miyu Maeda.
Kuebler
Kuebler is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Havel (film)
Havel is a 2020 Czech historical film based on life of dissident and former Czech president Václav Havel.
It is directed by Slávek Horák and stars Viktor Dvořák.
The film focuses on Havel's life from 1968 to 1989 when he was a dissident under Comunist regime and relationship with his wife Olga and friend Pavel Landovský.
Sandy Ese Idigbe
Sandy Ese Idigbe (born September 27, 1991) is an international campaigner, activist and media commentator based in London, United Kingdom.
She has also been cast for an upcoming Netflix Documentary movie.
She completed her degree in English BA in University College London, to become a broadcast presenter at the London radio station Reprezent alongside a role as a production researcher for Channel 4.
Sandy setup FouGen!
A hub, aimed at 18-35-year-olds, originally funded by Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London back at time.
In December 2019 Idigbe had a meeting with United Kingdom Prime Minister Boris Johnson to discuss social issues in Society and Woman in Politics having also a speech at UK House of Lords.
At the beginning of January 2020, Sandy and other Anti-knife crime campaigners blocked the Westminster Bridge, a demonstration calling for a political action to stop further bloodsheds.
Later that same month she spoke to London Post on topics such as hunger, overpopulation, and pollution.
At the end of 2019 a documentary movie based on Idigbe was set in production by New Line Cinema.
In addition she will star in Netflix feature film.
Chandler, Ohio
Chandler is an unincorporated community in Wayne Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located south of Bloomingdale at the intersection of Bloomingdale-Smithfield-Chandler Road and County Road 24, at .
The Chandler Post Office was established on April 16, 1921 and discontinued December 31, 1932.
Mail service is now handled through the Bloomingdale branch.
As of 1949, the Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway was operating a freight terminal here.
Micheál Aodh Martin
Micheál Aodh Martin (born 1994) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Cork Championship club Nemo Rangers and at inter-county level with the Cork senior football team.
He usually lines out as a goalkeeper.
Peter Skellerup
Peter Jensen Reid Skellerup (also Skjellerup, 14 January 1918 – 15 May 2006) was a New Zealand industrialist and philanthropist.
Skellerup was born in Christchurch in 1918.
His father was George Skellerup (1881–1955), the founder of rubber manufacturing company Skellerup Industries.
His mother was Elizabeth, Reid.
His father was born in Australia but the family stemmed from Denmark, with his father's birth name including a silent "j" that he dropped from the name at some point.
On their birth certificates, the original spelling Skjellerup was used for all five siblings born between 1907 (his brother Valdemar was the oldest) and 1918 (Peter was the youngest).
The three middle siblings were girls.
Frank Skjellerup, an Australian amateur astronomer, was his uncle.
Peter received his education at Christchurch Boys' High School.
He saw service in World War II with the 37th Battalion of the 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force in the Solomon Islands fighting again Japan.
Upon leaving school in 1934, he became an office boy in one of his father's companies, the Latex Rubber Company.
He took over as joint managing director in 1955 upon his father's death alongside his brother Valdemar.
In 1977, he became deputy chairman of the Skellerup parent company.
In 1982, he was handed full control by his brother not long before his brother's death.
Skellerup was first elected to Christchurch City Council in 1958 and served almost continuously until 1980.
The Labour Party won the 1957 general election and upon the Second Labour Government being formed, several sitting city councillors received high-ranking positions in government and resigned from their local roles.
This triggered the 1958 Christchurch local by-election, where four city councillor positions were contested by nine candidates.
Skellerup, standing for the conservative Citizens' ticket, came fourth and was thus elected.
In the 1959 Christchurch local election, the Citizens' ticket won all 19 city council seats, with Skellerup coming fifth (the mayor, George Manning, was from the Labour Party).
Skellerup came sixth in 1962.
In the 1965 local election, Skellerup stood for both the city council and the mayoralty.
He was decisively defeated by the mayoral incumbent, Manning, but came second in the city council election (once again for 19 positions).
In 1968, Skellerup stood for council only and came second.
During this term, Skellerup lost his council seat over a technicality; he had breached the Local Authorities (Members’ Interests) Act 1968.
In the lead up to the 1971 election, Skellerup was publicly critical of the Citizens' mayor, Ron Guthrey, over his proposal to build a road through North Hagley Park.
Skellerup had never been fond of Guthrey and as a past chairman of the Parks and Reserves Committee, he was extremely annoyed by Guthrey going behind his back and announcing the road proposal without checking with him first.
At the election, Guthrey was defeated, Labour gained a majority on the city council, but Skellerup was the highest-polling council candidate by a large margin.
The 1974 election was a turnaround, with Labour's incumbent Pickering defeated by the Citizens' candidate Hamish Hay.
According to Hay, Skellerup was not considered as the Citizens' mayoral candidate over the furore that he had caused for Guthrey.
The Citizens' ticket also gained a majority on the city council and from 1974 to 1980, Skellerup was deputy-mayor to Hay.
Skellerup was also a member of the Lyttelton Harbour Board for twelve years, for three of those he was the chairman.
Since 1964, he was Consul of Denmark, first for the South Island and later for all of New Zealand.
In 1941, he married Rita Margaret Grogan (26 August 1919 – 1985); they were to have one son and three daughters.
His wife died in 1985.
His second marriage was to Evelyn Rogers, who died in 1999.
In 1974, he was awarded Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog by Denmark.
In the 1979 New Year Honours, Skellerup was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire, for services to the City of Christchurch.
Skellerup sponsored the Antarctic wing at Canterbury Museum and to recognise his contribution, Skellerup Glacier in New Zealand's Ross Dependency in Antarctica was named for him.
Skellerup died in Christchurch on 15 May 2006, and was buried at Ruru Lawn Cemetery.
He was survived by the four children from his first marriage.
His Private Life
His Private Life may refer to:
Semisi Fonua
Semisi Fatafehi Fonua (1911 – 5 January 1968) was a Tongan noble and politician.
He held the titles of Kalaniuvalu and Fotofili, and was a member of the Legislative Assembly between 1936 and his death in 1968, serving as Speaker from 1951 until 1958.
Born in 1911, Fonua was educated at primary school in Niuafoʻou and Tupou College.
In June 1932 he married Sisilia Tupou; the couple had three daughers and four sons.
He became Kalaniuvalu in 1935 and Fotofili in 1955.
He was elected to the Legislative Assembly in 1936 as one of the Noble representatives for the Tongatapu constituency.
He was re-elected in every election until his death in January 1968, also serving as Speaker and Vice-President of the Privy Council between 1951 and 1958.
One of his sons, Sosi'ua Ngalumoetutulu, later also served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
Juan Hernández (tennis)
Juan Hernández Salas is a Mexican former professional tennis player.
Hernández comes from a large family of tennis players, which includes his sister Claudia, who played in the Federation Cup for Mexico.
In 1981 he represented Mexico in a home Davis Cup tie against Switzerland, held in Tijuana.
The tie was a World Group relegation playoff and was won by Mexico, with Hernández losing his dead rubber singles match to Ivan Dupasquier.
A national champion in 1982, Hernández made his only grand slam main draw appearance when he played in the doubles at the 1982 French Open, partnering American Mark Friedman.
His best performance on the professional tour came at the 1983 Monterrey Cup, where he reached the quarter-final stage of the singles, with wins over Steve Meister and Andy Andrews.
NGC 1803
NGC 1803 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation of Pictor at an approximate distance of 192.48 million light years.
NGC 1803 was discovered in 1834 by John Herschel.
Ribeira River (Paraná)
The Ribeira River is a river of Paraná state in southeastern Brazil.
It is a tributary of the Imbituva River on the edge of the Araucárias Biological Reserve.
Eleonora Alverà
Eleonora Alverà (born November 26, 1982 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy) is an Italian curler.
She is a 2010 Italian women's champion.
She participated in the 2006 Winter Olympics, where the Italian team finished in tenth place.
Her father Fabio is also an Italian curler and coach.
He played at the 2006 Winter Olympics as a member of the Italian men's team.
Her aunt (Fabio's sister) Claudio is an Italian champion curler.
Eleonora and Claudia played together at the .
Her brother Alberto is also a curler.
Miyu Maeda
She won the women's doubles title at the 2015 Belarus Open with Sakura Mori.
She was also the 2015 US Open singles and doubles champion, partnering again with Mori in the doubles.
Charlotte Saumaise de Chazan
Charlotte Saumaise de Chazan (1619-1684), also spelled "Saumaize de Chazan" and also known as "Madame de Brégy", was a poet, one of the Précieuses and lady in waiting to Queen Anne of Austria.
Charlotte Saumaise de Chazan was born in Paris in 1619, the daughter of a secretary to Gaston, Duke of Orléans, Bégnine de Saumaise and one of the queen's maids, Marguerite Anne Hébert.
Her uncle was also the scientist Claude Saumaise and it was he who looked after her education until Marie de Medici took over.
She was married at the age of 14 to Lieutenant General Nicolas de Flécelles, Count de Brégy.
de Chazan had a number of pregnancies which gave her four children, Anne-Marie, Élisabeth, Jean-Baptiste and Léonor.
Her husband was away for most of their marriage.
de Chazan was granted a separation of property(1651) and of body (1673).
Her legal cases around this divorce created huge discussions among the Salon circles about the obligation of women to marry and bear children.
The stories published at the time about women who left their families behind fueled several books.
de Chazan left everything to Elisabeth.
de Chazon was a poet, known amongst the Précieuses as "Belarmis" and "Belinde".
She was occasionally employed to write verses by Louis XIV while she worked as Lady in waiting to Queen Anne of Austria.
de Chazon wrote with the great names of Europe including to the Queens of England and particularly with Christina of Sweden, the Countess of Soissons, the Archbishop of Paris, and Monsieur, younger brother of the King of France.
When the Queen died in 1666, de Chazon remained close to Philippe d'Orléans.
She was included in the collection of verbal portraits gathered by Mademoiselle de Montpensier in 1659 and composed epigrams with Henriette de Coligny de La Suze.
She died at the Palais-Royal on April 13, 1684 and was buried with her husband at St Gervais.
Tonio Andrade
Tonio Andrade is an historian of East Asian history and the history of East Asian trading networks.
John Copleston (cricketer)
The Reverend John Henry Copleston (8 August 1841 — 22 November 1918) was an English first-class cricketer and clergyman.
The son of The Reverend John Gaius Copleston, he was born in August 1841 at Lamyatt, Somerset.
He was educated at Winchester College, before going up to St John's College, Oxford.
While studying at Oxford, Copleston played two first-class cricket matches for Oxford University separated by two years.
His first match came against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Oxford in 1860, with his second appearance coming at Oxford against the same opposition in 1862.
Despite appearing in these matches for Oxford, he did not gain a blue.
After graduating from Oxford, he took holy orders in the Anglican Church.
He held several ecclesiastical posts in the West Country, starting at West Buckland, Devon where he was the canon from 1864–68.
He moved to Kilkhampton in the neighbouring county of Cornwall in 1868 to take the post of rector, which he held untl 1871.
He returned to West Buckland in 1871, where he was the rector until 1880.
Remaining in Devon, he moved to Offwell in 1880 to take the post of rector there, the fifth member of his family to do so.
From 1895 he simultaneously held the post of rural dean for Dunkeswell and Honiton until 1910.
He served as the rector at Offwell until his death in November 1918.
In addition to playing first-class cricket, Copleston was also a leading figure in Devon cricket, playing for the county for thirty years prior to the formation of Devon County Cricket Club.
His great-grandfather was Edward Copleston, the Bishop of Llandaff.
Juto (singer)
Juto (real name Jarius Gay) is a singer and songwriter born in Springfield, Missouri, raised in Gwinnett, Georgia, and based in Los Angeles.
He was the first artist signed to Travis "Taco" Bennett's (of Odd Future) RE7AX Records in association with COR/TAN Records.
Juto plays six instruments, including guitar, bass, keyboards, and trombone, and writes music influenced by the R&B, pop, and gospel music he listened to growing up.
He began releasing music on Soundcloud in 2015, and in February 2018 released a 10-minute EP called "Text Talk" that explored love through the prism of text messaging culture.
The EP's four tracks were all named with texting abbreviations, including the single "BTW" which Apple Music featured in its playlist The Plug.
In May 2018 he released the single "Summa."
Juto got his biggest early break when Odd Future member Taco and label executives discovered him and signed him as the first artist on Taco's new label Re7ax Records.
Juto's major early dates included opening for Daisy and – in his second performance ever – for Lauryn Hill at the Mayan in Los Angeles.
On 9 November 2019 he performed at Camp Flog Gnaw Carnival at Dodger Stadium.
In March 2019 he was featured on "Can I Kick It" off Logic's "Supermarket" album.
That same month, Juto released his first EP on Taco's Re7ax label, "Velvet", distributed by AWAL, and the single "Homebody/Options" featuring Taco.
He followed it up with the seven-track EP "Wool" on 1 November, also distributed by AWAL.
Singles from that EP included 'FAF' and 'Night Text.'
His concert bookings at the time of writing include headlining the Moroccan Lounge in Los Angeles in January 2020.
EPs
Singles
Alex Stik Castro
Alex Stik Castro Giraldo (born 8 March 1994) is a Colombian football player who plays as winger for Cruz Azul in Mexico's Liga MX.
Castro began his career at Alianza Petrolera, debuting on 17 October 2013 in a 1–0 Copa Colombia defeat Atlético Nacional as a 63rd minute substitute for Dairon Asprilla.
He made his league debut three days later, again as a substitute, in a 2–0 defeat to Cúcuta Deportivo.
Castro scored his first senior goal on 9 April 2015, the opening goal in a 2–2 league draw with La Equidad.
In June 2017, Castro completed a transfer to Deportivo Cali.
He made his debut for the team on 8 July 2017 in a 4–2 win over Envigado and appeared in a continental competition for the first a week later, in the second round of the 2017 Copa Sudamericana against Junior.
After half a season with "Los Azucareros", Castro spent the next two campaigns on loan, returning to Alianza Petrolera in 2018 before another loan spell, this time to fellow Primera A team Deportes Tolima, in 2019.
The loan deal contained the option to purchase Castro at the end of the season but in December 2019, Deportivo Cali released a statement announcing Tolima had declined the option.
They did, however, admit that Castro's "future will be discussed" as he continued to express a desire to leave, particularly as he wanted to play abroad.
On 24 January 2020, Castro signed a three-year contract with Liga MX team Cruz Azul.
Lütisburg railway station
Lütisburg railway station () is a railway station in Lütisburg, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Ebnat-Kappel line and is served by local trains only.
Lütisburg is served by the S9 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Bütschwil railway station
Bütschwil railway station () is a railway station in Bütschwil-Ganterschwil, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Ebnat-Kappel line and is served by local trains only.
Bütschwil is served by the S9 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Robert W. Haack
Robert William Haack (February 15, 1917 – June 14, 1992) was an American banker who served as president of the New York Stock Exchange and chairman of the Lockheed Aircraft Corporation.
Haack was born in Wauwatosa near Milwaukee, Wisconsin on February 15, 1917.
His father headed a Mutual of New York insurance agency, which was later run by his brother Frank Haack.
In 1938, he graduated from Hope College, the private, Christian liberal arts college in Holland, Michigan.
After Hope, he attended Harvard Business School on a scholarship provided by Milwaukee alumni, where he graduated in 1940.
In 1940, he returned to Milwaukee where he began his career in the securities industry as a stockbroker with Robert W. Baird & Company.
After moving from trader to head of the department, then syndicate manager and later institutional sales manager, he became a partner at Baird in 1950 before moving to Washington in 1964.
On April 1, 1964, he became president of the National Association of Securities Dealers (predecessor to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).
He left NASD in 1967 to become the fourth full-time president of the New York Stock Exchange, the nation's largest stock exchange.
While president of the Exchange, "he put a high priority on development of several automation programs, including one intended to reduce the physical movement of securities from one brokerage house to another."
During the near collapse of the financial markets in 1970, dozens of brokerage firms either collapsed or were forced into mergers, including prominent firms like Hayden Stone, Inc. and F. I. du Pont.
Haack responded by working with Congress to develop the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
After his term as president ended in 1972, there was no president of the Exchange between May 1972 until May 1980 when John J. Phelan, Jr. assumed the presidency.
He served as a director of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc., Nabisco, Inc. and several other corporations.
In 1976, after several international bribery scandals which involved the Lockheed Aircraft Corporation and other American companies, Haack was named chairman of the Lockheed Aircraft Corporation.
During his twenty months as chairman, he worked to "restore confidence in the company and revised its finances based around a Federal loan guarantee."
He retired in September 1977.
In 1942, Haack was married to Catherine Radamaker.
He later married to Ann (nee Thornett) Miller (1930–2004), the daughter of Geoffrey Matthew Thornett former wife of Allison N. Miller Jr.
He was the father of four children, one son, Thomas Haack, and three daughters, Barbara Haack Sexton, Elizabeth Haack Barr, and Linda Haack Brooks.
Haack died of complications from kidney failure at his home in Potomac, Maryland.
Warrendale
Warrendale may refer to:
Guaraúna River
The Guaraúna River is a river of Paraná state in southeastern Brazil.
It is a tributary of the Tibagi River.
Dietfurt railway station
Dietfurt railway station () is a railway station in Bütschwil-Ganterschwil, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Ebnat-Kappel line and is served by local trains only.
Dietfurt is served by the S9 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Desande
Desande Automobielen BV was a Dutch-British manufacturer of neoclassic automobiles with retro styling combined with modern technology.
The automobile's distinctive styling was based on the high-end automobiles of the 1930s.
Despite their retro looks, Desandes used modern American drive trains and suspension systems.
While the company was based in Hulst in the Netherlands, the founder Danny G. Vandezande (hence the car's name) was a Belgian, the cars mechanics were American, and the vehicle was built in England.
The company's Belgian branch was headquartered in the small town of Schilde.
Danny G. Vandezande presented the first Desande in 1979.
Production of the aluminium bodywork was carried out by Grand Prix Metalcraft in North London.
GP Metalcraft had been exclusively a supplier of Formula 1 aluminium body parts but expanded to making bodywork for Cobras and other replicas after the fuel crisis placed the future of motor sports in doubt.
Vandezande felt that only such a small British firm would be able of executing the bodywork to a high enough standard for the Desande, although he had to switch after the original company proved not to have the necessary expertise.
To further confuse matters, the company behind the car is often identified as JBS Associates, Ltd., also of London.
The Desande Roadster originally used the chassis and mechanicals from the Ford LTD II and Ford Thunderbird.
This meant a wheelbase and V8 engines of 4.9 or 5.8 liters coupled to a three-speed automatic transmission.
The overall length was and the car was wide.
Power from the smaller Windsor V8 was at 3400 rpm.
As with many other neoclassics, the car used the doors from the Austin-Healey Sprite/MG Midget.
After only a handful of Ford-based cars had been built, Desande presented the Desande II Roadster in March 1980.<ref name="TAM82/83.1"></ref> The name change indicated a switch to using Canadian-built Chevrolet Caprice/Impala chassis, fitted with a General Motors 5.0-liter V8 mated to a three-speed Turbo Hydra-Matic.
The chassis received an additional cross brace and the engine was moved back about .
The body dimensions remained unchanged, although the wheelbase increased marginally, to .
Power was up to SAE, enough to propel the car to a top speed of .
The car was always luxuriously equipped, with electrically adjustable connolly leather seats, climate control, walnut dashboard, and lambswool carpets.
Right-hand drive was available for ₤4,000, the price of a small car at the time.
Grand Prix Metalcraft handbuilt the bodywork out of aluminium aside from the MG Midget-drived central section.
The radiator cowl was made from brass while the headlight housings were spun from gilding metal.
Engine specifications varied as the General Motors donor cars were changed; in a 1982 road test Desande claimed DIN at 3400 rpm.
Production was limited to twenty cars per year and a maximum total of 250 cars, with the chassis plates (a gold plated one being mounted near the door) being numbered accordingly, but it is unknown how many were actually built.
Grand Prix Metalcraft was working on the fourteenth car in mid-1982.ref name=AC4459a/> Several sources state that production ended in 1984, but GP Metalcrafts displayed the car in 1985 and there are cars with titles as late as 1989.
Later models are called Desande Caprice.
2018 Swedish general election in Norrbotten County
Norrbotten County elected 8 members of the Riksdag in the general election held on the 9 September 2018.
This was the same number of seats as in 2014.
Norrbotten is Sweden's northernmost and largest county by land area and has 14 municipalities.
Respect Yourself (DJ BoBo song)
"Respect Yourself" is a song by Swiss artist DJ BoBo.
It was released in December 1996 as the second single from his third album, "World in Motion".
The single features vocals by American singers Lori Glori and Jocelyn Brown, and the choir United Spirits.
The song reached number 2 in Czech Republic, number 7 in Finland, number 16 in Switzerland, number 23 in Austria and number 31 in Germany.
On the Eurochart Hot 100, "Respect Yourself" peaked at number 52 in January 1997.
DJ BoBo performed the song on the World Music Award in Monaco in April 1997.
Marian Gertrude Beard
Marian Gertrude Beard, known to friends as 'Barbula' Beard (1885-1958) was an Irish-born educator and translator, headmistress of Putney High School and Crofton Grange School.
Beard was educated at Alexandra College, gaining a first class honours degree in modern languages in 1907.
She continued to Somerville College, Oxford, gaining another first-class honours degree in German.
After teaching at Nottingham High School for a year, she became lecturer in modern languages at Girton College, Cambridge.
Dora Russell recalled her there as "a tall elegant Irish woman with a slight stoop and a lorgnette and a very agreeable brogue".
After Girton she lectured in modern languages at Somerville College.
From 1918 to 1920 she worked as an Administrative Assistant in the Livestock Branch of the Ministry of Food, for which she was awarded an OBE in 1920.
Beard was headmistress of Putney High School from 1920 to 1930.
At weekends she lived with her Girton friend Eileen Power, in a half-house at 20 Mecklenburgh Square.
In 1930 she moved to be headmistress of Crofton Grange School, staying there until her retirement.
She died on 15 October 1958.
Papers relating to her are held by the UCL Institute of Education.
Velimir Šandor
Velimir Šandor is a Croatian Paralympic athlete.
He represented Croatia at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and he won the bronze medal in the men's discus throw F52 event.
Harwood Shire
Harwood Shire was a local government area in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Harwood Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were in Maclean.
Other towns and villages in the shire included Angourie, Ashby, Iluka, Lawrence and Yamba.
Harwood Shire was amalgamated with Municipality of Maclean to form Maclean Shire on 1 January 1957.
Outlier.ai
Outlier.ai is an Automated Business Analysis company that produces an eponymous data analysis platform that determines and analyzes data outliers and outlier patterns.
The company was founded by Mike Kim and Sean Byrnes in 2015, and its platform entered beta in 2016, becoming public in 2017.
The firm is located in Oakland, California.
The CEO of the company is Sean Byrnes.
Outlier.ai produces an eponymous platform that determines data outliers and unexpected patterns and changes in time-series data that are undetectable to human analysis via artificial intelligence.
It is an Automated Business Analysis platform, which provides proactive “insights”, which are developed for non-technical review in addition to technical analysis, and derived from the platform’s algorithms, which cross-correlate its detected anomalies.
In 2017 Outlier received $2.2 million in a funding round that included Susa Ventures, Homebrew, and First Round Capital.
In 2018 Outlier raised $6.2 million in a round led by Ridge Ventures.
In 2019 Outlier partnered with In-Q-Tel to identify unexpected patterns in government agency data sets.
The company also received funding from Capital One Growth Ventures in 2019.
SK Sturm Graz (women)
Sportklub Sturm Graz is an Austrian women's football club based in Graz, Styria.
The club was founded in 1909 however the women's section has been in existence since 2011.
Sturm Graz play in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the top flight of domestic women's football in Austria and are regular competitors in the UEFA Women's Champions League.
The team's colours are black and white.
Sturm Graz plays its home matches at the Messendorf Trainingszentrum, a 1,500-capacity stadium that is situated in Graz.
The club was formed in 2011 after taking over FC Stattegg's women's team, despite interest from rivals Grazer AK in also taking over the team.
The club started out playing in the 2nd Women's League East, before getting promoted at the end of the 2012/13 into the ÖFB-Frauenliga.
After an 8th place finish in their inaugural top-flight season, Sturm Graz went from strength to strength and qualified for the UEFA Women's Champions League after finishing 2nd in the 2015/16 season.
They were knocked out of their first Champions League campaign at the Round of 32, losing 0-9 on aggregate to Zürich..
Since the 2015/16 season, Sturm Graz have finished as runners-up twice more.
Nancy Naples (sociologist)
Nancy A. Naples is an American sociologist, and currently Board of Trustees Distinguished Professor of Sociology and Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies at the University of Connecticut, where she is also Director of Graduate Studies.
She has contributed significantly to the study of community activism, poverty in the United States, inequality in rural communities, and methodology in women's studies and feminism.
Naples received her M.A.
in Dance Education from New York University in 1974, and in 1979 she received a Master of Social Work in Social Policy from Hunter College School of Social Work, City University of New York.
She completed a Ph.D in sociology at Graduate School and University Center, City University of New York in 1988.
From 1984-1988, Naples worked as an Adjunct Lecturer at Queens College, City University of New York, and Columbia University.
Within this period, she worked as a Lecturer in the Department of Sociology, Anthropology, and Economics at State University of New York, Purchase.
In 1988, she became an Assistant Professor at State University of New York, Old Westbury, before continuing to Iowa State University (1989-1992), and University of California, Irvine (1992-1998).
In 1998, she became an Associate Professor in Sociology and Women's Studies at University of California, Irvine.
She then moved to University of Connecticut in 2001 where she started as an Associate Professor, progressed to a full-Professor, and in 2014 was made Board of Directors Distinguished Professor of Sociology and Women's, Gender, and Sexuality Studies.
Naples has been Chair of organisations including the Race, Gender and Class Section of the American Sociological Association, the Discrimination Committee of Sociologists for Women in Society, and the Conflict, Social Action and Change Division of the Society for the Study of Social Problems.
She has also served as President of the Eastern Sociological Society and the Society for the Study of Social Problems.
Much of Naples' career has been focused on Women's, Gender and Sexuality Studies, and in reflection of this she has been the Director of related programs at University of California, Irvine and the University of Connecticut.
Naples works with ethnographic, discourse analysis, archival, and comparative research methods to explore the connection between social actors and economic and political structures and policies.
Her work has addressed rural economic development, community activism, globalization, and welfare.
Inter-sectional feminism has been a consistent focus of and trend in Naples' research.
Charles Farwell Edson, Jr.
Charles Farwell Edson, Jr. (1905-1988) was an American scholar of Ancient History.
Born in Los Angeles, CA in 1905 as the son of poet and musician Charles Farwell Edson and social activist and feminist Katherine Philips Edson, Edson received the degree of A.B.
in Classics from Stanford University in 1929 (where he already presented research talks as an undergraduate).
He went on to earn his Ph.D. in History at Harvard University in 1939 with a dissertation entitled “Five Studies in Macedonian History" directed by Professor William Scott Ferguson (his dissertation research was supported by a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1936 and 1937).
While a graduate student, Edson shared the driving with Alistair Cooke on a trip from the East Coast to Hollywood (at one point while Edson was driving, he ran into a cow and Cooke ended up in a hospital).
During World War II, Edson served in the United States Army, eventually becoming an officer in the Office of Strategic Services.
Edson taught for his entire career at the University of Wisconsin-Madison where he worked his way from Assistant Professor to Full Professor from 1938-1976 and was a very popular classroom instructor as well as successful graduate mentor.
Edson held another Guggenheim Fellowship from 1956-7.
He was awarded a Membership in the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton University from 1952-3 and again from 1962-3.
He was elected a corresponding member of the German Archaeological Institute in 1972.
Edson won the Goodwin Award of the American Philological Association in 1974.
In 1981, some of his former students published a "Festschrift", entitled "Ancient Macedonian Studies in Honor of Charles F. Edson", in his honor.
Professor Edson died in Madison, Wisconsin, in 1988.
Loučná
Loučná may refer to several places in the Czech Republic:
Olívia Santana
Olívia Santana (born Barrio Alto de Ondina, 1967 Salvador) is a Brazilian black women activist, and politician.
She worked as a cleaner.
She graduated from Federal University of Bahia.
She was a city councilor of Salvador for 10 years.
She was a member of the Black Women Forum, and the Council for the Promotion of Racial Equality.
In 2012, she was a candidate for mayor.
In 2015, she was appointed Secretariat of Policies for Women for Bahia.
19th Canadian Film Awards
The 19th Canadian Film Awards were held on September 23, 1967 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
The ceremony was hosted by Fred Davis.
Pete Gaynor
Peter Thomas Gaynor (born 1958) is an American emergency manager who is the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
He was appointed as Acting Administrator by President Donald Trump on March 8, 2019 and became Administrator on January 16, 2020.
Gaynor attended Community College of Rhode Island from 1982 to 1984, and Rhode Island College from 1984 to 1986, graduating with a B.A.
in History.
While in the Marines, he earned a M.A.
in National Security and Strategic Studies from the U.S.
Naval War College in 2001.
He completed the Executive Leaders Program at the Naval Postgraduate School in 2013.
Gaynor served in the U.S. Marine Corps for 26 years, retiring with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
He was the Executive Officer responsible for the security of Camp David; was the Head of Plans, Policy, and Operations at the Headquarters Marine Corps during the September 11 attacks; and deployed with the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force where he coordinated combat operations in Al Anbar Province, Iraq for multinational and Marine forces.
From March 2008 to December 2014, Gaynor was the Director of the Providence Emergency Management Agency and Office of Homeland Security, where he was the only Certified Emergency Manager (CEM) assigned as a municipal emergency manager in Rhode Island.
He was responsible for ensuring the planning and operations of the agency, coordinating community exercise programs, managing the Emergency Operations Center, and advising the Mayor on local government emergency operations.
From January 2015 to October 2018, Gaynor was the Director of the Rhode Island Emergency Management Agency (RIEMA).
During that time, RIEMA responded to numerous small and large disasters, including one presidentially declared disaster and at least seven pre-existing active federal disasters.
Gaynor oversaw response and recovery efforts to blizzards, floods, tropical storms and public health emergencies.
He also coordinated evacuations, mass care, special events, and school safety.
Gaynor was confirmed by the Senate on October 11, 2018 as the Deputy Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
He guided FEMA through the 2018 hurricane season and helped provide much-needed assistance to disaster survivors across the country.
On March 8, 2019, when Administrator Brock Long returned to the private sector, Gaynor became Acting Administrator.
Gaynor led the agency’s recovery efforts for many devastating disasters including the California wildfires, tornado outbreaks, severe storms, flooding in the Midwest and the Puerto Rico earthquakes.
On January 14, 2020, the Senate confirmed Gaynor as Administrator with a vote of 81 to 8.
He was sworn in two days later.
Cannibal (Bury Tomorrow album)
Cannibal is the upcoming sixth studio album by British metalcore band Bury Tomorrow.
It will be released on 3 April 2020 through Music for Nations.
It was produced by Dan Weller.
In an Instagram Q&A with their fans, guitarist/vocalist Jason Cameron confirmed that a new album will be released in 2020.
On 29 November 2019, the band released the lead single of their upcoming album titled "The Grey (VIXI)" and its corresponding music video.
On 10 January 2020, the band released the second single and title track "Cannibal" along with an accompanying music video.
That same day, the band revealed the tracklist, album's official artwork and announced that their new upcoming sixth studio album "Cannibal" is set for release on 3 April 2020.
Adapted from iTunes.
Bury Tomorrow
Additional personnel
2-Picolylamine
2-Picolylamine is an organic compound with the formula HNCHCHN.
A colorless liquid, it is a common bidentate ligand and a precursor to more complex multidentate ligands.
It is usually prepared by hydrogenation of 2-cyanopyridine.
One such complex is Baratta's catalyst RuCl(PPh)(ampy) (ampy = 2-picolylamine) for transfer hydrogenation.
Salts of the complex [Fe(pyCHNH)] exhibit spin crossover behavior, whereby the complex switches from high to low spin configurations, depending on the temperature.
The LD50 is low, being 750 mg/kg (oral, quail).
Demographics of Vilnius
The city of Vilnius had a population of 562,030 people within its administrative city limits as of 1 January 2020.
Demographic evolution of Vilnius between 1766 and 2019:
Baptistgrange
Baptistgrange (Irish "Gráinseach Eoin Baiste") is the site of a monastic grange (farm) in County Tipperary, not far from the village of Lisronagh.
In the historical sources it is often known as “Achadfada” or “Achfada”.
It supplied food and other raw materials to the Augustinian monastery of St John the Baptist, Dublin.
The grange church, the remains of which survive, is in the middle of a graveyard.
It was associated with a village to the north-west (now deserted) and a castle to the west.
The latter is referred to in the Civil Survey (1654-6) as "an old broken stump of a Castle with an old broken Bawne"..
After the dissolution of the monasteries as a consequence of the Reformation, the grange was leased out, being described as a “fortilage or castle, with a hall, etc.
51 acres and 12 cottages, leased in 1541 to the countess of Ormond at £4”.
The church is divided between the nave and chancel with an unusual triple chancel arch, a series of three arches right across the church interior, but now collapsed.
On either side of the former altar, in the north and south side walls, there is a lighting opening.
Corbels project from the side walls to the west: these, instead of putlog holes, supported wooden gallery beams.
Baptistgrange: A medieval monastic grange in Co. Tipperary
Pineapple Support
Pineapple Support is a nonprofit organization that provides free and low-cost mental health therapy to pornographic film actors, producers and others who work in the adult film industry.
It launched in April 2018 by British performer Leya Tanit in response to a series of deaths in the adult industry in late 2017 and early 2018 resulting from mental illness or addiction.
Pineapple Support has provided over 700 members of the adult film industry with mental health support and resources, including free and low-cost therapy, counselling and emotional support, in its first two years of existence.
In October 2019, Pineapple Support hosted an online mental health summit for the adult film industry.
Tanit chose the name “Pineapple” because it is a common safeword in the BDSM community, and she wanted the organization to be "a safeword for performers."
Sam Hunt Racing
Sam Hunt Racing (also sometimes known as Hunt-Garrett Racing and formerly known as Hunt-Sellers Racing and DRIVE Technology) is an American professional stock car racing team that currently competes in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, fielding the No.
26 Toyota Supra part-time for Colin Garrett, and in the ARCA Menards Series East, fielding the No.
18 Chevrolet/Toyota full-time.
The team is currently based in Mooresville, North Carolina, although they have Virginia roots and their original shop was located in Chester, Virginia.
The team, first known as DRIVE Technology, was founded in 2013 by Virginian Shayne Lockhart, a former NASCAR driver-turned crew chief.
He purchased the assets of Joe Gibbs Racing's NASCAR K&N Pro Series East No.
18 team, which was closing down after the 2012 season.
His driver, Sam Hunt, also from Virginia, ran the full season, moving over from Precision Performance Motorsports.
They kept using the No.
18.
The team picked up sponsorship from the Denny Hamlin Foundation for most of the races.
The team later ended up running only part-time, skipping the races at Five Flags, Winston-Salem, both Iowa races, and New Hampshire.
Also, Sergio Peña drove the car at the season-finale at Road Atlanta instead of Hunt.
In 2014, Hunt ran another part-time schedule.
One of his races was set to be Daytona, but after full-time driver Brandon Jones failed to qualify in his own No.
33 car for Turner Scott Motorsports, he replaced Hunt in the No.
18.
Other drivers for the team that year were Mason Massey in two races at the Langley and Columbus Speedways.
Colombian female driver Milka Duno drove the No.
18 at the season-finale, now at Dover as a result of Road Atlanta being taken off the schedule.
The team attempted fewer races in 2015.
Peyton Sellers drove two races at Greenville-Pickens Speedway and at Dover.
Full-time ARCA Series driver Sarah Cornett-Ching drove the car at Bristol in a partnership between DRIVE Technology and her ARCA team, RACE 101.
Justin LaDuke made his only start of the year and to-date of his career at Winston-Salem.
Hunt returned for two races at tracks in his home state of Virginia: Langley and Richmond.
The team continued to scale back in 2016, with Peña returning to DRIVE Technology for the first time in three years after he was released from Rev Racing.
He ran the road course race at Virginia International Raceway, and it is his last NASCAR start to-date.
The team withdrew with Hunt at the next race at Dominion Raceway, another track in Virginia.
Hunt became the sole owner of the team in 2017.
Him and Peyton Sellers ran two races apiece that year.
The new team name was Hunt-Sellers Racing.
HSR ran nearly the full season in 2018, with yet another driver from Virginia, rookie Colin Garrett, running all but the first two races of the season.
He finished tenth in points.
His best finish was a third at the first of the doubleheader races at South Boston.
That was his only top-5 of the year.
Garrett did score four top-10's as well.
The team announced on January 17, 2019, that Garrett would return to Sam Hunt Racing to run the full season with them in 2019.
In addition, the team switched from Toyota to Chevrolet that year.
They announced on October 28, 2019, that they would field an Xfinity team for the first time in 2020, the No.
26 Toyota, with Garrett driving.
Brian Keselowski became the team's crew chief, moving over from the Brandonbilt Motorsports No.
68 car.
They later ended up attempting the season-finale at Homestead in 2019 in preparation for their 2020 schedule of races.
Zhang Zhenxian
Zhang Zhenxian (; November 1927 – 2 December 2019) was a lieutenant general of the Chinese People's Liberation Army Air Force.
He served as Political Commissar of the Jinan Military Region Air Force and the Guangzhou Military Region Air Force.
Zhang was born in November 1927 in Xuzhou, Jiangsu, Republic of China.
He enlisted in the New Fourth Army in January 1946 and joined the Communist Party of China in June of the same year.
During the Chinese Civil War, he fought in the battles of Suzhong, Lianshui.
Laiwu, Menglianggu, Kaifeng, Huaihai, and the Yangtze River Crossing Campaign.
After the founding of the People's Republic of China, Zhang entered the 7th Flight Academy of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) to train as a pilot.
He rose through the ranks of the PLAAF, successively serving as pilot, squadron commander, group commander, regiment commander, division commander, and deputy chief of staff of the Shenyang Military Region Air Force.
In the 1980s and 1990s he served as Political Commissar of the Jinan Military Region Air Force and the Guangzhou Military Region Air Force.
Zhang attained the rank of lieutenant general in 1988.
He was a delegate to the 7th National People's Congress and the 8th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Zhang died in Guangzhou on 2 December 2019, aged 92.
Jane Blaffer Owen
Jane Blaffer Owen (April 18, 1915 - 2010) was a patron of the arts, author, and heir to the Humble Oil fortune (a predecessor of Exxon-Mobil).
She and her husband, Kenneth Dale Owen, helped resettle the community of New Harmony, Indiana north of Evansville, Indiana.
She commissioned the Roofless Church.
She received the Sachem Award in 2007.
She wrote "New Harmony, Indiana: Like a River, Not a Lake: A Memoir".
Blaffer was born in Houston.
She studied at The Kinkaid School and then Ethel Walker School in Connecticut.
She went on to Bryn Mawr College, Washington School of Diplomacy, and the Union Theological Seminary.
Her husband is a descendant of Utopian industrialist Robert Owen.
She trained as a dancer.
She supported the work of many architects and artists.
She also funded the University of Houston's Blaffer Art Museum.
She received the Louise Dupont Crowninshield Award from the National Trust for Historic Preservation in 2008 for her work on New Harmony and received an honorary doctorate from Purdue University in 2008.
She was survived by her daughter Jane Dale Owen and her sister.
The Devil's Mirror (2018 film)
The Devil's Mirror (Persian : آینه شیطان; Romanization:" Ayeneh Shitan") is a 2018 horror-drama film.
It was produced to be viewed by the group of "art and experience" taking a look at "Evil temptations" is horror genere Produced by Fozhan Film, "The Devil's Mirror" is the second full-length feature film directed by Farid Valizadeh.
The movie is produced for the "Art and Experience" group.
It was shot during the winter in Kurdan, and has recently received a license to be shown at international festivals.This movie is one of the few horror films made in Iran.
The trailer for this movie can be found here"
Young couples are troubled by the Devil in the Mirror of Deeds.
Bronschhofen railway station
Bronschhofen railway station () is a railway station in the village of Bronschhofen, part of the municipality of Wil, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Kreuzlingen line and is served by local trains only.
Bronschhofen is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
18th Canadian Film Awards
The 18th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 6, 1966 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
The ceremony was hosted by Rich Little.
Florence Lundborg
Florence Lundborg (1871 - January 18, 1949) was an American illustrator, poster artist, and painter known for her book illustrations and wartime paintings.
She was a member, with Gelett Burgess, of the San Francisco group "Les Jeunes", who published "The Lark" in the 1890s; Lundborg designed some of the covers.
Lundborg spent the winter of 1899-1900 studying in Paris with James Abbott McNeill Whistler.
She had previously studied in San Francisco with Arthur Mathews at the California School of Design.
She was a co-founder and early member of the Book Club of California.Her murals were in the Tea Room of the California Building at the Panama Pacific International Exposition.
She received a bronze medal for oil painting in the exposition.
She received commissions to paint murals in private homes in Portland, Chicago, New York and San Francisco.
In 1909 she traveled through Europe with fellow artist and book designer Belle McMurtry.
From 1915 to 1917 Lundborg and McMurtry shared a studio in the Studio Building on Post Street, San Francisco.
They moved together to New York in June 1917.
After moving to New York, Lundborg began to illustrate books and became known for her illustrations of “The Rubaiyat”, “Yosemite Legends” and “Odes and Sonnets”.
Once in New York, she also began to paint murals and received a large commission for her allegorical mural "Quest for Knowledge" installed at Curtis High School in Staten Island in 1933.
The mural was conserved and restored in 1999.
Émile Fairon
Émile Fairon (1875–1945) was a Belgian archivist and historian.
Fairon was born in Pepinster on 11 October 1875.
After studying at the Athénée royal de Verviers he matriculated at the University of Liège, where he went on to obtain a doctorate in classical philology.
In 1901 he started working at the Royal Library of Belgium, where he catalogued the seals and seal molds.
In 1902 he qualified as an archivist, and in 1903 obtained a position at the State Archives in Liège.
He became head of the depot in 1924, in succession to Léon Lahaye.
During the 1930s he oversaw the transfer of the archives from the Provincial Palace to a purpose-built repository on the site of the defunct Liège-Jonfosse railway station.
He died on 1 January 1945.
Premio Lo Nuestro 2020
The 32nd Lo Nuestro Awards ceremony, presented and televised by American television network Univision, will recognize the most popular Spanish-language music of 2019 that was played on Uforia Audio Network during the year in 35 categories.
The ceremony will be held on February 20, 2020 at the American Airlines Arena in Miami.
The ceremony will be hosted by American rapper Pitbull, Mexican singer Thalía, and model Alejandra Espinoza with each one being their first time hosting.
The nominees for the 32nd Lo Nuestro Awards were announced digitally on January 14, 2020 by Univision.
Noël Ott
Noël Robin Ott (born 15 January 1994) is a Swiss beach soccer player who plays as a forward.
Known for his pace across the sand and technical abilities in scoring many goals, Ott came to prominence in the sport in 2014, excelling during the European season; he was named best young player in the world that year.
He followed this up by claiming the Bronze Ball at the 2015 FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup.
Ott has since been described as an "indispensable" part of the Swiss national team and one of the "5 to 10 best players in the world", something that was officially recognised in 2017 as he was named as part of the world team of the year.
He is regularly referred to as the "Lionel Messi of beach soccer".
Ott was born in Sattel, Switzerland and raised in Wettingen of Aargau canton.
Ott's father, a former amateur of the Swiss third division, inspired him to play association football as a child at six years old.
Ott joined Swiss Super League side Grasshoppers as a youth in 2007 and advanced through their junior teams from the under-13s onwards.
Meanwhile, aged 9, Ott had begun attending Swiss Beach Soccer youth camps.
He was originally tutored by Stephan Meir and Moritz Jaggy, members of the Swiss national team Ott would ultimately play alongside of.
He continued to be present at the training camps over the next decade.
As a youth, it was clear to Swiss coach Angelo Schirinzi that Ott was a talented beach soccer player.
Ott's prospects of becoming a professional footballer were dashed as he was rejected from progressing to Grasshoppers' upper youth teams.
Following this rejection, Franziska Steinemann, future coach of the Switzerland women’s team and a friend of Ott's mother, invited him to play with club side Havana Shots Aargau of the Suzuki Swiss National Beach Soccer League.
Ott debuted in the National League in 2009, aged 15.
Initially, Ott attempted to continue his football career, joining FC Baden of the Swiss fourth tier for a year whilst also playing for Havana Shots; he made rapid progress with the latter.
In his second season with Aargau in 2011, Ott was named "rookie of the year" and in the 2012 season, he was named best player and was the league's top scorer.
Following his performances in the National League, Ott was called up to the Swiss national team and, aged 18, made his debut against Brazil in the 2012 Intercontinental Cup in November.
At this point it was firmly in Ott's mind that beach soccer was his priority.
Beach Soccer Worldwide (BSWW) described 2014 as Ott's breakout season, confirming him as a "star".
But, after winning the MVP award at the 2014 Euro Beach Soccer League Superfinal in August, Ott suffered a serious injury at the 2015 World Cup qualifiers a month later, tearing two knee ligaments, his anterior cruciate (ACL) and medial collateral (MCL), as well as tearing his meniscus.
This sidelined Ott for several months.
Despite this, Ott was nominated as one of the best three players in the world at the inaugural Beach Soccer Stars awards in November and was also bestowed with the "rising star award" for best young player, aged 20.
He recovered in time for the 2015 World Cup, his first World Cup, in which he was joint top scorer with eight goals, claiming the Bronze Ball award.
In 2015, he also moved from Havana Shots back to his childhood club of Grasshoppers, this time their beach soccer branch, having been persuaded by Swiss colleague Dejan Stankovic.
Ott represented FC Barcelona in 2015; Ott began to find that he was frequently being compared to football star Lionel Messi, with both having played for Barcelona, being small in stature, technically agile, frequent goalscorers and wearers of the number 10 jersey.
He has since gone on to play for other clubs outside of Switzerland including Catania (Italy), Pisa (Italy), Lokomotiv Moscow (Russia), CSKA Moscow (Russia), Botofogo (Brazil), Sporting CP (Portugal), Artur Music (Ukraine) and Falfala Kfar Qassem (Israel).
At the 2017 Beach Soccer Stars awards, Ott was named as part of the world team of the year.
In 2019, he won the Swiss National League for the first time with Grasshoppers and earned his first commendation with the Swiss national team, the bronze medal at the 2019 European Games.
Ott has described himself as a "whirlwind" who "spins past opponents" and likes to "go one-on-one with opposition players".
His pace is also frequently referenced as his strength, with an ability to glide quickly across the pitch without his feet sinking into the soft sand surface.
Ott is also known for his exceptional technical abilities.
In 2013, Ott gained a bachelor's degree in economics.
In 2015 he was working as an office administrator in Zürich and would subsequently drive to Basel to train with the national team.
His employer of the time fired Ott in 2017 as they were unwilling to accommodate Ott's need to dedicate so much time to beach soccer.
Cristiano Ronaldo is his idol.
Within beach soccer, he looks up to Portuguese brothers Leo and Be Martins but says the most important people in his career have been Swiss coach Angelo Schirinzi and teammate Dejan Stankovic.
The following is a selection, not an exhaustive list, of the major international honours Ott has achieved:
Atre (surname)
Atre () or Atri () is a Hindu Brahmin patronymic surname and gotra from the ancient sage and "Prajapati" Atri.
Notable people with the surname includes
Zhao Zihao
Zhao Zihao (, born 1 June 1997) is a Chinese table tennis player.
He is one of the top penhold players in the world today.
He reached his first ITTF World Tour final at the 2019 Austrian Open.
He also won the 2018 Belarus Open.
At the 2019 Summer Universiade he bagged two gold and two silver medals.
Jordan Woods-Robinson
Jordan Woods-Robinson is an American actor, musician and composer, He is best known for his portrayal of Eric Raeligh in "The Walking Dead" series.
He has also appeared in "Magic City" and "Drop Dead Diva".
Jordan Woods-Robinson was born and raised in the city of Bybee, Tennessee on an animal rescue farm and later moved to New York City to feel his deep love for acting and graduated from the city's Tisch School of Arts.
A few weeks after graduation, Jordan made his acting debut portraaying Blue Man at Blue Man Club where he traveled around the world while performing at the shows.
In addition to acting, Jordan also showed interest in being a composer and was the co-founder of an online recording company of musicians and vocalists called SOSstudio.
Following his career in music, Jordan soon became a multi-instrumentalist with several instruments such as violin, mandolin, guitar, and bass.
Manguri Siding
Manguri Siding is a railway station 42 km west of Coober Pedy, in south Australia.
It is a stop on The Ghan.
17th Canadian Film Awards
The 17th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 15, 1965 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
The ceremony was hosted by Max Ferguson.
Calle (name)
Calle is a Danish, Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish feminine given name, nickname and surname that is a diminutive form of Carl and Karl and an alternate form of Kalle.
Calle is a surname with Spanish, English, Irish, Scottish, and German origins.
Its Spanish origins are from the Spanish word calle, which means street and traces its origins back to Santander, Spain.
a derive Notable people referred to by this name include the following:
Lochani Bag
Lochani Bag is an Indian actor who works mainly in the Odia film industry, "Ollywood".
She has acted in films such as "Aadim Vichar", "Pahada ra Luha", "Sala Budha" and Odisha's first biopic film "Tulasi Apa".
Lochani got the opportunity to work with award winning film maker Sabyasachi Mohapatra in "Aadim Vichar", which was her first film.
The film won national award and state awards including her first award as best supporting actress.
Lochani has acted in "Pahadara Luha" directed by Sabyasachi Mohapatra and "Tulasi Apa" directed by Amiya Pattnaik in 2015.
Both films were screened at the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in the Indian Panorama section.
"Tulasi Apa" was also screened at the 21st Kolkata International Film Festival, the 8th Bengaluru International Film Festival, the International Film Festival of Shimla (IFFS, the 8th Nasik International Film Festival in India and at the Tehran Jasmine International Film Festival in Ramsar, Iran.
"Tulasi Apa" received positive reviews from the critics when it was screened at the 21st Kolkata International Film Festival and the 8th Bengaluru International Film Festival.
Both of her films were highly successful as "Pahada Ra Luha" got a national award and "Tulasi Ap"a won various state awards.
16th Canadian Film Awards
The 16th Canadian Film Awards were held on May 8, 1964 to honour achievements in Canadian film.
The ceremony was hosted by Johnny Wayne and Frank Shuster.
Sakamichi Kenshusei
Sakamichi Kenshusei is the group designation for the final 15 members who had passed the Sakamichi Joint Auditions held during the summer of 2018.
They were introduced officially on September 7, 2019 and are yet to be assigned to Nogizaka46, Keyakizaka46, or Hinatazaka46.
Official Site
Qianjiang Century City
Qianjiang Century City () is a central business district under construction, located in Ningwei Street, Xiaoshan District, southeast of Qiantang River, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, China.
The total planned area is 22.27 square kilometers and the planned population is 160,000.
The core area is 9.6 square kilometers.
Century City is located in the Jiangbin area of Xiaoshan City, facing Qianjiang New City across the river.
From the northwest to the Qiantang River, southwest to the Qijia Gate - Limin River, northeast to Hangzhou-Ningbo Expressway, south to the former Jiefang River, east to Liqun River and Shixin Road.
In 2003, the Management Committee of Qianjiang Century City was established.
The construction started in 2008.
By the end of April 2018, more than 5,000 enterprises had settled in Century City.
There will be 1 senior high school, 3 junior high schools and 8 primary schools.
Michelle Tremelling
Michelle Tremelling (born 7 June 1969 in Melbourne, Victoria), known as Shelley, is an Australian athlete who competes in archery.
Tremelling competed at three Archery World Championships – in Jakarta in 1995, in Victoria, Canada in 1997 and, in the lead-up to the 2000 Olympics, at the 1999 World Archery Championships in Riom, France.
Tremelling represented Australia at the Sydney 2000 Olympics in both the individual and team archery events.
In the individual event she was the only Australian to progress to the third round, finishing in 11th.
Melissa Jennison, Kate Fairweather and Tremelling came ninth in the team event.
2019 World Para Athletics Championships – Women's long jump
The women's long jump at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships was held at the Dubai Club for People with Determination in Dubai from 7–15 November.
Object: Alimony
Object: Alimony is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Scott R. Dunlap and starring Lois Wilson, Hugh Allan, Ethel Grey Terry, Douglas Gilmore, and Roscoe Karns.
The film was released by Columbia Pictures on December 22, 1928.
The film is now considered lost.
Dancing with the Stars (Australian season 17)
The seventeenth season of "Dancing with the Stars" will premiere on 9 February 2020.
Grant Denyer and Amanda Keller returned to co-host the season while Craig Revel Horwood, Sharna Burgess and Tristan MacManus returned to the judging panel.
The full cast were announced on 14 January 2020.
Professionals Marco De Angelis, Jeremy Garner, Joshua Keeffe and Siobhan Power will not return.
They were replaced by Julian Caillon, Shae Mountain and Violeta Mugica with the number of partnerships reduced to 10.
The best and worst performances in each dance according to the judges' 30-point scale are as follows:
According to the traditional 30-point scale:
"Unless indicated otherwise, individual judges scores in the charts below (given in parentheses) are listed in this order from left to right: Craig Revel Horwood, Sharna Burgess, Tristan MacManus."
The couples performed cha-cha-cha, tango, viennese waltz or jive.
The celebrities and professional partners danced one of these routines for each corresponding week:
Delta Air Lines Flight 89
Delta Air Lines Flight 89 is a scheduled flight from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Shanghai Pudong International Airport.
On January 14, 2020, the Boeing 777-200ER conducting the flight had engine problems shortly after takeoff; while returning to the origin airport for an emergency landing, it dumped fuel over populated areas adjacent to the city of Los Angeles, resulting in skin and lung irritation in at least 56 people on the ground and triggering a Federal Aviation Administration investigation.
The aircraft landed safely with no injuries to passengers or crew.
Flight 89 is a regularly scheduled Delta Air Lines flight from LAX to Shanghai Pudong International Airport.
On January 14, 2020, the Boeing 777-200ER widebody jet aircraft operating as Flight 89 departed from LAX at 11:32am.
The aircraft had 149 passengers and 16 crew members on board.
Minutes after departing LAX and initiating a climb over the Pacific Ocean, the pilots reported a compressor stall in the aircraft's right engine.
Air traffic controllers asked Flight 89 whether the pilots wanted to remain over the ocean to dump fuel, but the pilots declined, saying "we've got it under control... we're not critical."
Controllers again asked, "OK, so you don't need to hold or dump fuel or anything like that?
", to which the pilots responded, "Negative."
Flight 89 turned back over land and headed toward LAX to make an emergency landing.
CBS News reported that, based on the expert opinion of a former Boeing 777 captain, Flight 89 would likely have dumped 15,000-20,000 gallons of fuel.
Shortly after completing the fuel dump, the aircraft landed safely.
While over land and approaching LAX for an emergency landing, the plane dumped fuel over a five-mile portion of the Los Angeles county area, including five elementary schools and a high school.
The most affected area was Park Avenue Elementary School in Cudahy, California, where several students were doused with jet fuel.
Students at elementary schools in South Gate, California were also affected.
Children who were in a physical education class thought it was rain before seeing the plane above them.
First responders were called to multiple schools to treat children and staff who were outdoors at the time Flight 89 dumped fuel.
At least 56 children and adults were reported to have minor skin and lung irritations.
All affected schools were closed for cleaning, but reopened the following day.
The story received widespread media attention, with detailed investigation and analysis from organizations including CBS News, "The New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", and received substantial international media coverage.
Aviation experts were puzzled by the actions of the flight crew.
A former United Airlines captain called the fuel dump over a populated area "a pretty outrageous thing" that "nobody" would do.
Safety expert John Cox said that because "they were not in an immediate threat condition, and they started out over water," the pilots will need to explain "why they continued to dump fuel at low altitude when they weren’t in a fuel-dumping area, and didn't advise ATC that they were dumping fuel."
Following the Flight 89 incident, the mayor of Burien, Washington, a city located adjacent to Seattle–Tacoma International Airport, called on the Port of Seattle to develop an emergency response plan for similar situations.
The aircraft was repaired and returned to service with Delta on January 24.
On January 15, the FAA announced it was investigating the Flight 89 incident.
In a statement, the FAA noted that "There are special fuel-dumping procedures for aircraft operating into and out of any major U.S. airport," and that "procedures call for fuel to be dumped over designated unpopulated areas, typically at higher altitudes so the fuel atomizes and disperses before it reaches the ground."
Arias Navarro I Government
The Arias Navarro I Government was formed on 4 January 1974 following Carlos Arias Navarro's appointment as Prime Minister of Spain by Head of State Francisco Franco on 29 December and his swearing-in on 2 January, as a result of Luis Carrero Blanco's assassination on 20 December 1973.
Arias Navarro's first cabinet was the last to serve under Franco.
It succeeded the Carrero Blanco government and was the Government of Spain from 4 January 1974 to 12 December 1975, a total of days, or .
The Council of Ministers was structured into the offices for the prime minister, the three deputy prime ministers and 19 ministries, including one minister without portfolio.
San Javier Island
San Javier Island () is an island in the fjords and channels of southern Chile.
The island lies inmediately to the east of the Gulf of Penas and south of the Gulf of San Esteban.
Administratively the island belong to the commune of Tortel in Aysén Region.
The Antonio de Vea expedition reached the island on December 25, 1675 calling it "Isla San Esteban".
Senator Helm
Senator Helm may refer to:
Alana O'Neill
Alana Nicole O´Neill (born 13 July 1996) is an American soccer player who plays for Portuguese club Benfica as a defender.
In the Cold of the Night
In the Cold of the Night is a 1990 American erotic thriller film produced and directed by Nico Mastorakis, and written by Mastorakis and Fred C. Perry.
It stars Jeff Lester, Adrianne Sachs, Marc Singer, Brian Thompson, Shannon Tweed, John Beck, Tippi Hedren, and David Soul.
According to the book "The Naked Truth: Why Hollywood Doesn't Make X-Rated Movies" by Kevin S. Sandler, "In the Cold of Night" was initially assigned an X rating by the Motion Picture Association of America just prior to their adoption of the NC-17 rating.
Brian Orndorf of Blu-ray.com called the film "ridiculous", and wrote that it "isn't nearly as fun as a could be, laboring through an uninteresting story with an uncomfortably dim protagonist."
Rob Hunter of Film School Rejects also referred to the film as "ridiculous", and wrote that "it does overstay its welcome, though, as some elements are dragged out too long, but it's a small price to pay for the softcore fun and stellar B-movie cast."
In March 2019, the film was restored in 4K and released on DVD and Blu-ray by Vinegar Syndrome.
Arjen Hoekstra
Arjen Hoekstra (June 28, 1967 - November 18, 2019) was a professor at the University of Twente who pioneered the concept of the water footprint - a way of measuring the extent of water consumption.
His work drew attention to the hidden water use associated with a range of activities, and continues to have a profound effect both on scholarship and on environmental policy and activism.
He strongly supported open source science, and all his articles were published under a Creative Commons License.
Hoekstra earned an MSc degree in Civil Engineering and a PhD in Policy Analysis from Delft University of Technology.
At the University of Twente, Arjen Hoekstra was Professor of Water Management and Chair of the Department of Multidisciplinary Water Management.
He worked on a variety of interdisciplinary research projects, and advised a range of organisations about water consumption, these included governments, UNESCO, the World Bank, and Compassion in World Farming.
As a professor, Hoekstra taught subjects such as: sustainable development, hydrology, natural resource valuation, environmental systems, and policy analysis.
Throughout his career, Hoekstra's work gained international media attention and he was consistently referred to as an expert on the topic of water resource issues.
The water footprint shows the extent of water use in relation to consumption by people.
The water footprint of an individual, community or business is defined as the total volume of fresh water used to produce the goods and services consumed by the individual or community or produced by the business.
Water use is measured in water volume consumed (evaporated) and/or polluted per unit of time.
A water footprint can be calculated for any well-defined group of consumers (e.g., an individual, family, village, city, province, state or nation) or producers (e.g., a public organization, private enterprise or economic sector), for a single process (such as growing rice) or for any product or service.
Traditionally, water use has been approached from the production side, by quantifying the following three columns of water use: water withdrawals in the agricultural, industrial, and domestic sector.
While this does provide valuable data, it is a limited way of looking at water use in a globalised world, in which products are not always consumed in their country of origin.
International trade of agricultural and industrial products in effect creates a global flow of virtual water, or "embodied water" (akin to the concept of embodied energy).
In 2002, the water footprint concept was introduced in order to have a consumption-based indicator of water use, that could provide useful information in addition to the traditional production-sector-based indicators of water use.
It is analogous to the ecological footprint concept introduced in the 1990s.
The water footprint is a geographically explicit indicator, not only showing volumes of water use and pollution, but also the locations.
Thus, it gives a grasp on how economic choices and processes influence the availability of adequate water resources and other ecological realities across the globe (and vice versa).
Hoekstra died unexpectedly in November, 2019.
He is survived by a wife and children.
Cream City, Ohio
Cream City is an unincorporated community in Saline Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located between Irondale and Hammondsville along Creek Street, at .
Partners (1976 film)
Partners is a Canadian thriller drama film, directed by Don Owen and released in 1976.
The film stars Hollis McLaren as Heather Grey, the daughter of business magnate John Grey (Denholm Elliott); when she takes over leadership of the company after her father's death, she becomes a target for the romantic interests of Paul (Michael Margotta), a corporate spy for the American company.
The Ontario Censor Board forced Owen to cut a 90-second sex scene from the film.
The film has most commonly been analyzed as an allegory for Canadian nationalism.
However, it was not well-received by critics, and Owen did not make another film until 1984's "Unfinished Business", which was billed as his "comeback".
It was a Canadian Film Award nominee for Best Feature Film at the 27th Canadian Film Awards in 1976, but did not win.
Genesis GV80
The Genesis GV80 () is an upcoming mid-size luxury crossover SUV manufactured by Korean luxury automaker Genesis, a division of Hyundai.<ref name=C/D></ref>
It will be available with three engines: a turbocharged 2.5L unit with 300 horsepower,0~62mile is 6.9sec, a turbocharged 3.5L unit with 375 horsepower, 0~62mile is 5.5sec, and a turbocharged 3.0L diesel with 274 horsepower.
0~62mile is 6.8sec.
The diesel engine will only be available in select markets.
The GV80 features a high level of equipment like Navigation-based Smart Cruise Control (ASCC), Remote Smart Parking Assist, NFC Digital Key, Around View Monitor (AVM), 22" Wheels, Nappa Leather Seats, 14.5" Touchscreen Infotainment display with 18 speakers Lexicon Audio System , Electric Side Curtains, Driver Controlled 2nd row and 3rd row seats.
The safety system includes 10 airbags, Forward Collision-Avoidance Assist, Reverse Parking Collision-Avoidance Assist, Driver Attention Warning, Blind Spot Collision-Avoidance Assist, Automatic High Beam Assist and Lane Keep Assist System (LKAS).
It's main competitors will be the Acura MDX, Audi Q7, BMW X5, Buick Enclave, Cadillac XT6, GMC Acadia Denali, Infiniti QX60, Lamborghini Urus, Land Rover Discovery, Lexus RX, Lincoln Aviator, Mercedes-Benz M-Class, Porsche Cayenne, Tesla Model X and the Volvo XC90.
Lim Jong-hoon
Lim Jong-hoon (, born 21 January 1997) is a South Korean table tennis player.
Lim and Jang Woo-jin were the men's doubles winners at the 2016 Belarus Open, the 2018 Korea Open, and the 2018 ITTF World Tour Grand Finals.
Lim also won men's singles at the 2018 Polish Open.
Douglas Gilmore
Douglas Gilmore (June 25, 1903 - July 26, 1950) was an actor in the United States.
He appeared in numerous films and theater productions.
The University of Washington has a photograph of him from 1927.
Land defender
A Land defender is an activist and individual who works to protect the earth's land.
They are also referred to as land protectors or earth defenders.
Land defenders are primarily members of Indigenous communities in North America and are not considered to be protesters, but performing a sacred duty through non-violent resistance to activities which endanger the land.
Land defenders reject the term "protestor" because of its links to colonialism and its negative connotations.
Land is considered sacred by Indigenous peoples and caring for and protecting land is considered a duty to honour ancestors, to current peoples, and future generations.
Land defenders play an active and increasingly visible role in actions intended to protect, honour, and make visible the importance of land.
There are strong connections between the water protector movement land defender movement and Indigenous environmental activism.
Land defenders resist the installation of pipelines, fossil fuel industries, destruction of territory for development such as agriculture and resource extraction activities such as fracking because these actions can lead to the degredation of land, destruction of forest, and disruption of habitat.
Land defenders resist activities that harm land, especially across Indigenous territories and their work is tied to human rights.
Activism can come in the form of the erection of blockades on reserve lands or traditional territories to block corporations from resource extraction activities.
Water and land protectors also erect camps as a way to occupy traditional territories and strengthen cultural ties.
Land defenders also work through legal frameworks such as government court systems in effort to keep control of traditional territories.
Land defenders often face perilous conditions in the face of state powers, resource corporations such as gas or mining corporations, others seeking to develop land or extinguish Indigenous land rights.
For example, it was revealed that the Canadian national police force, the RCMP, were prepared to use deadly force against land defenders in a 2019 protest in British Columbia.
The human rights organization Global Witness reported that 164 land defenders were killed in 2018 in countries such as the Philippines, Brazil, India, and Guatemala.
This same report stated a significant number of the people killed, injured, and threatened were Indigenous.
The UN has reported that many land protectors are labelled as terrorists by state governments in an effort to discredit their claims.
Such labelling can create dangerous conditions for those working to protect land rights.
Amnesty International has called attention to the dangers facing those seeking to protect the earth, water, and communities, calling Latin America the most dangerous location for land defenders.
The Environmental Defence Fund has reported that over 1700 defenders have been killed with less than 10% of those responsible brought to justice.
The Extinction Rebellion (XR) has worked to bring attention to the situation of land defenders and have honoured those who have been killed.
Annette Thomas
Annette Thomas (born 1965) is an American-born publishing executive specializing in science publishing, who lives in the United Kingdom.
In 2020 she was named chief executive of the Guardian Media Group.
Thomas was born in Washington, D.C. in 1965, and grew up near Washington.
Her African-American father worked as a pharmacist at the Food and Drug Administration, and her mother is German.
She attended the Eleanor Roosevelt High School, Greenbelt, Maryland.
She has a degree in biochemistry and biophysics from Harvard University and a PhD in cell biology and neuroscience from Yale University.
In 1993, immediately after finishing her graduate work, Thomas moved to London to start her career in publishing as a cell biology editor at "Nature".
She served as the founding editor of "Nature Cell Biology".
She became publisher (1999) and then managing director of the Nature Publishing Group in 2000.
She was responsible for founding the "Nature Reviews" series.
Other positions that she has held include chief executive of Macmillan Science and Education, as well as leadership roles at Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science citation and abstract search database.
Thomas is a trustee and member of the governing board of Yale University.
She is also a past recipient of the prestigious Wilbur Cross Medal, awarded to distinguished Yale Graduate School alumni.
She has previously served on various boards, including the Creative Commons Board of Directors.
Thomas was named chief executive of the Guardian Media Group on 14 January 2020.
She begins the role in March 2020.
Thomas has lived in the United Kingdom since about 1995, most recently in Cambridge.
She is married to a scientist.
They have three sons and a daughter.
Mount Almagosa
Mount Almagosa is the fourth highest peak on island of the United States territory of Guam.
It is west of the Fena Valley Reservoir.
It is above sea level.
Breviary of Eleanor of Portugal
The Breviary of Eleanor of Portugal is an early 16th-century Flemish illuminated manuscript Breviary, providing the divine office according to the Roman ordinal and calendar.
It contains the work of several leading miniaturists of the Ghent-Bruges school of Flemish illumination.
The "Master of the First Prayerbook of Maximilian" seems to have led the team of artists that produced the codex, which included the Master of James IV of Scotland (who some scholars identify with Gerard Horenbout, court artist to Margaret of Austria), who painted many of the historiated borders, the calendar, as well as the small miniatures in the Ferial Psalter, and the Master of the Prayerbooks of c. 1500 or an artist in his circle.
Lesser hands, probably assistants to the Maximilian Master, can also be identified.
The breviary belonged originally to Eleanor, Queen of Portugal, who is depicted in prayer before the Virgin and Child in the opening miniature; it is not known, however, whether it was commissioned by the Queen herself, or whether it was a gift to her, (perhaps through the Netherlandish Hapsburg court, by Emperor Maximilian I or Margaret of Austria).
It was purchased by J. P. Morgan from the Parisian art dealer Hamburger Frères in 1905: it is now in the collection of the Morgan Library & Museum, in New York.
Marthe Bray
Martha Bray or Martha Bray-Smeets (1884 – 1949) was a French suffragist who formed the Ligue d'action féminine to influence French opinion in favour of recognising women's right to vote.
Bray was born in 1884.
She was an admirer of the women's leader Hubertine Auclert.
On 6 December 1925 she created the Ligue d'action féminine to influence French opinion to recognise that French women had the right to vote.
She believed that giving women the vote may have been a way to avoid wars.
Unlike Britain, France had not rewarded French women with the vote after the war, and the argument for women's suffrage was confused.
Was the reason one of "right" or because of the benefits of fighting issues such as temperance, venereal disease or disarmament where there was a traditional women's lobby group.
Marthe Bray's organisation used humour to win broad support in diiferent classes.
Her organisation is estimated to have had about 500 members.
The organisation she had formed was non-militant but Bray was envious of the militant tactics that had been used by the British Women’s Social and Political Union before the first World war.
Bray’s organisation was looked on as a role model by the Americans.
On 8 September 1926 they made the front page of the Paris daily newspaper Le Journal with coverage of their campaign and a photo of a car of supporters and a portrait of Bray.
Jean-René Farthouat
Jean-René Farthouat (26 June 1934 – 11 January 2020) was a French lawyer who served as Bâtonnier of the Paris Bar Association from 1994 to 1995.
Ishq Mein Marjawan 2
Ishq Mein Marjawan 2 ("I Will Die In This Love 2") is an Indian romantic drama thriller television series that airs on Colors TV.
Produced by Yash A Patnaik, it stars Helly Shah, Vishal Vashishtha and Rrahul Sudhir.
Squad Car (film)
Squad Car is a 1960 American crime drama film directed by Ed Leftwich and starring Vici Raaf, Paul Bryar, Don Marlowe, Jack Harris, and Lynn Moore.
The film was released by 20th Century Fox in September 1960.
List of awards and nominations received by Judy Davis
The accolades of Australian actress Judy Davis include numerous awards from various international institutions, including eight AACTA Awards, two BAFTA Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, one National Board of Review award, three Primetime Emmy Awards, and one Screen Actors Guild Award.
Davis first came to critical acclaim for her role in "My Brilliant Career" (1979), for which she won BAFTA Awards for both Best Actress and Most Promising Newcomer.
She earned further acclaim in 1984, when she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in "A Passage to India".
Davis's first major American feature, Woody Allen's "Husbands and Wives" (1992), saw her nominated for numerous awards: She won a National Board of Review award for Best Supporting Actress, and was nominated for the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress, the BAFTA for Best Actress.
Her subsequent performance in the television film "" (1995) earned Davis a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress, as well as a Golden Globe nomination.
Davis's portrayal of Judy Garland in the television miniseries "" (2001) garnered her further acclaim, earning her a second Primetime Emmy Award, an American Film Institute Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress in a Miniseries or Television Film.
Her performance in the miniseries "The Starter Wife" (2007) saw Davis win a third Prime-time Emmy Award.
In 2017, she earned acclaim for her guest-starring role on the limited series "Feud", receiving another Primetime Emmy nomination.
The Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts Awards, formerly known as the Australian Film Institute Awards, are presented annually by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA) to recognize and honor achievements in the film and television industry.
The Academy Awards are a set of awards given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences annually for excellence of cinematic achievements.
The Blockbuster Entertainment Awards were organized by Blockbuster Inc., beginning in 1995.
The British Academy Film Award is an annual award show presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
The Gemini Awards were awards given by the Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television to recognize the achievements of Canada's television industry.
The Genie Awards were awarded annually by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television to recognize the best of Canadian cinema, from 1980 to 2012.
The Golden Globe Award is an accolade bestowed by the 93 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) recognizing excellence in film and television, both domestic and foreign.
The Gracie Awards are awards presented by the Alliance for Women in Media Foundation (AWM) in America, to celebrate and honor programming created for women, by women, and about women.
The Independent Spirit Awards are presented annually by Film Independent, to award best in the independent film community.
The Inside Film Awards, contemporarily known as the IF Awards, is an annual awards ceremony and broadcast platform for the Australian film industry, developed by the creators of "Inside Film" magazine.
The National Board of Review was founded in 1909 in New York City to award "film, domestic and foreign, as both art and entertainment."
The Primetime Emmy Awards are presented annually by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, also known as the Television Academy, to recognize and honor achievements in the television industry.
The annual Prism Awards honors the creative community for accurate portrayals of substance abuse, addiction and mental health in entertainment programming.
The Satellite Awards are a set of annual awards given by the International Press Academy.
The Screen Actors Guild Awards are organized by the Screen Actors Guild‐American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.
First awarded in 1995, the awards aim to recognize excellent achievements in film and television.
Hot &amp; Saucy Pizza Girls
Hot & Saucy Pizza Girls is a 1978 American pornographic comedy film directed by Bob Chinn and starring Desireé Cousteau, John C. Holmes, and Candida Royalle.
In 2014, the film was restored and released on DVD by Vinegar Syndrome.
DXJA
94.3 Power Radio (DXJA 94.3 MHz) is an FM station owned and operated by Hypersonic Broadcasting Center.
Its studios and transmitter are located at Purok Rosas, Brgy.
Poblacion 8, Midsayap.
National Photography Museum (Morocco)
The National Photography Museum () is a Moroccan art museum dedicated to photography located in Rabat, Morocco, within the repurposed 19th century Burj Kebir Fortress.
This museum was initiated by the National Museums Foundation in Morocco and inaugurated January 14, 2020.
The National Photography Museum is located within the remains of the Burj Kebir Fortress, also known as Fort Rottembourg.
The fort was constructed from 1886 to 1900 under the reign of Sultan Hassan I. Rottembourg refers to Walter Rottembourg, the German engineer who oversaw the fort's construction.
The National Photography Museum was inaugurated January 14, 2020.
Mehdi Qutbi—president of the National Museums Foundation in Morocco, which created the museum—said in a statement to the press: "In this space, Fort Rottembourg, next to a low-income neighborhood, we attempt to deliver a message that says that culture must be accessible to every Moroccan."
He also said that the museum's inauguration was consonant with the directives of King Muhammad VI, namely the democratization of culture.
The Moroccan photographer Yoriyas organized the museum's inaugural exhibition.
"Sourtna" (, "our image") presented Morocco's photographers "of today and of tomorrow."
In a statement to the press, Yoriyas said: "I'm convinced that visual development plays a part in the socio-economic development of a country.
For me, this here means that Morocco is capable of representing itself in images, that we are capable of producing images, of defending them, of sharing them, of showing them and of seeing them."
This exhibition featured work by Zakaria Ait Wakrim, Abderrahman Amazzal, Hamza Ben Rachad, Walid Bendra, Déborah Benzaquen, Lhoucine Boubelrhiti, Mourad Fedouache, M'hammed Kilito, Ismail Zaidy (L4artiste), Mehdy Mariouch, Amine Oulmakki, Ali ElMadani (Rwinalife), Fatimazohra Serri, Style Beldi, Yassine Toumi, and Yoriyas.
List of Judy Davis performances
The film career of Judy Davis spans over four decades and includes credits in both film and television.
Davis first garnered acclaim for her performance in the period drama "My Brilliant Career" (1979), which earned her two BAFTA Awards.
She garnered international attention for her performance in "A Passage to India" (1984), for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
In 1990, Davis appeared in "Alice", directed by Woody Allen, followed by a supporting role in David Cronenberg's "Naked Lunch", as well as Joel Coen's "Barton Fink" (both 1991).
She subsequently starred in Allen's drama "Husbands and Wives" (1992), which saw her nominated for the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress, as well as a BAFTA for Best Actress.
She subsequently co-starred with Glenn Close in the television drama film "" (1995) before reuniting with Allen to appear in "Deconstructing Harry" (1997) and "Celebrity" (1998).
Davis starred as Lillian Hellman in the Kathy Bates-directed television film "Dash and Lilly" (1999), followed by "" (2001), a critically acclaimed miniseries in which she portrayed Judy Garland.
She again portrayed another real-life character, Nancy Reagan, in the television film "The Reagans" (2003).
Subsequent film roles include the romantic comedy "The Break-Up" (2006), Sofia Coppola's "Marie Antoinette" (2006), and "The Dressmaker".
In 2017, Davis co-starred with Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon on the network series "Feud", in which she portrayed journalist Hedda Hopper.
Øresunds chemiske Fabriker
Øresunds chemiske Fabriker (lit.
"Øresund Chemical Industries"), colloquially known as Kryolitfabrikken (The Cryolite Factory), was a cryolite processing plant established in 1859 at Strandboulevarden in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The company was established as Fabrikken Øresund by Th.
Weber & Co. in 1859 based on a plan by professor Julius Thomsen (1826-1909) for manufacturing washing soda from cryolite from a cryolite factory in Greenland.
The activities were later that same year expanded with an alum plant and a few years later with a "Stråmasse" plant.
Gustav Adolph Hagemann started working for the company as a student in 1864.
In 1865, when he had completed his exams, Kryolit Mine og Handelsselskabet sent him to the US to oversee the deliveries of cryolite to the Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Company.
In early 1856, he travelled to the US to provide technical support in connection with the first deliveries of cryolite from Greenland.
With inspiration from David Alter's nearby production site, Hagemann began to work on improving methods to manufacture and purify bromine from salt well.
He obtained several patents and in the spring of 1868 established his first plant in Pomeroy, Ohio.
Fabrikken Øresund was hit hard and went into administration when the market price of washing soda suddenly dropped dramatically in 1866.
When Hagemann visited Denmark in the summer of 1869, C. F. Tietgen convinced him to purchase kryolitfabrikken Øresund in a partnership with Vilhelm Jørgensen (1844-1925).
Hagemann then sold his bromine manufacturing activities in the US and settled permanently in Denmark.
Hagemann and Jørgensen changed the name of the company to Øresunds chemiske Fabriker in 1870.
That same year they also expanded the plant with a sulfuric acid factory.
The production of soda decreased from the 1870s and was discontinued in 1894.
The production of sulfuric acid had already been discontinued in the 1880s as a result of a contract with Fredens Mølle.
The core activity was from then on purification of cryolite for use in the global aluminium, glass and enamel industries.
The company was in 1902 converted into a public limited company ("aktieselskab").
In 1912 it was converted into a "kommanditselskab" solely owned by Vilhelm Jørgensen's son, C. F. Jarl (born1872).
The company's cryolite was on 1 January 1940 ceded to Kryolitselskabet Øresund A/S (a company founded by Greenland's Home Office), Kryolith Mine og Handels Selskabet A/S and Øresunds chemiske Fabriker.
Kryolitselskabet Øresund A/S took over Øresunds Chemiske Fabrikker's premises on Strandboulevard.
The head office of Øresunds Chemiske Fabrikker was instead moved to Østbanegade 121.
The Strandboulevarden plant closed in 1990.
The company merged with Incentive A/S in 1882, and Incentive A/S went bankrupt in 2004.
Amanda Young Foundation
The Amanda Young Foundation was established in 1998 by Barry and Lorraine Young, following the death of their daughter Amanda in 1997 from meningococcal disease.
Amanda had been attending a rowing regatta in Penrith, New South Wales where she contracted the disease.
Young was born on 6 September 1979, and died on 12 October 1997 after contracting meningococcal disease while in Penrith, New South Wales; she was part of a rowing team attending a regatta.
The Australian University Rowing Championships had in 1997 been organised by the University of New South Wales.
There had been an outbreak of meningococcal disease in the Kensington Colleges; 450 people who had come into contact with the infected person were given the vaccination, with some also being given antibiotics.
Young was not amongst this group, as it was believed she had not come into contact.
On 13 October, following Young's death, the NSW Health Department vaccinated everyone in the Kensington Colleges.
A further 1100 students at Chevalier College were vaccinated after an outbreak there; one of the students infected had her feet amputated.
The two events involved identical strains of the bacteria, but it was not known how they were related, and an early unrelated outbreak had occurred at the Kensington Colleges in August 1997.
The Amanda Young Foundation was established in 1998, with its purpose being:
Kate Fandry a friend of Amanda at Penrhos College, and a member of the same sporting teams worked for the Foundation following support from the WA Health Department.
Fandry's role is to promote the ACWY vaccination to teenagers and young adults.
The Foundation relies on fundraising and the support of community groups across Perth to operate; they include open gardens, fetes, and other activities, such as the group of volunteers who in 2016 crocheted a wall of yellow flowers to be displayed during Channel Seven Perth Telethon.
Amanda's Garden is located in Southern River, Western Australia.
The garden is a labour of love, borne out of Young's parents need to do something to keep them busy following her death.
There is an annual fete and open day, supported by local community groups, held every October to raise money for the Foundation.
Century Building (Chicago)
The Century Building is a high rise office building in Chicago's Loop.
It was designed by Holabird & Roche, and was built in 1915.
It is a contributing property to the Loop Retail Historic District.
The building is representative of the transition of Chicago high rise design from the Chicago School to Art Deco, and its north and east facades feature Neo-Manueline ornamentation.
It is owned by the General Services Administration and currently sits vacant.
Originally known as the Buck & Rayner Building or the Twentieth Century Building, the building was completed in 1915.
Buck & Rayner was a Chicago chain of drug stores, and commissioned the construction of the building.
It occupied the corner store and basement.
In 1917, Lake and State Savings Bank signed a twenty-year lease for the building's second floor.
The bank's name was changed to the Century Trust and Savings Bank, and the building's name was changed to the Century Building.
Home Federal Savings and Loan purchased the Century Building in 1950, and moved its headquarters into the building on June 30, 1952.
Home Federal occupied the first five floors, as well as the two floors below street level.
The building's name was officially changed to the Home Federal Building.
In 1958, Home Federal Savings and Loan purchased the Republic Building across State Street.
The Republic Building was demolished and a new 16 story building was constructed.
Home Federal Savings and Loan moved its headquarters to the new building on December 17, 1962.
The building has also served as home to the headquarters of the Gideons International, Local 66 of the Elevator Operators and Starters Union, the main offices of Sterling Cleaners and Dyers, the Audit Bureau of Circulations, a Liggett's drug store, Family Loan Corporation, May Jewelers, Romas Restaurant, the Illinois Migrant Council, the National Alliance of Black Feminists, and the local office of the Guardian Angels.
Jesse Jackson's Chicago headquarters were in the Century Building during his 1984 presidential campaign.
In 2003, Marc Realty Co. purchased the building from Mitchell Macks for $1.25 million.
In 2005, the General Services Administration used eminent domain to seize the Century Building, also acquiring other nearby buildings, citing the need for increased security around the Dirksen Federal Building.
In 2011 and 2013, Preservation Chicago listed the Century Building and the nearby Consumers Building as one of Chicago's 7 most endangered buildings.
In 2017, CA Ventures reached an agreement to purchase the Century Building, the Consumers Building, and the two smaller buildings in between, for $10.38 million.
The Century Building and Consumers Building would have been converted to apartments, as part of a $141 million redevelopment project, while the historic Streamline Moderne storefront of 214 South State Street would have been restored and incorporated into a 25,000 square-foot structure built between the taller buildings for retail and commercial use.
Under the terms of the agreement, the City of Chicago would purchase the buildings from the federal government and then immediately sell them to CA Ventures.
However, the City of Chicago backed out of the agreement in December 2019, citing security concerns at the nearby Dirksen Federal Building.
Alana Filippi
Alana Filippi (1960 or 1961 – 11 January 2020) was a French singer and songwriter.
Her real name was Pascale Filippi, and she also sometimes used the pseudonym Jeanne Ermilova.
Born in Paris, Filippi moved to Nantes with her parents at a young age.
She took drama lessons at the Couturier Jacques Organization.
Couturier was also head of the Maison de la Culture Loire Atlantique.
When her acting career began, Filippi took the name Alana.
Filippi began her career in theatre.
She wrote songs for Calogero, Maurane, Jenifer, Pascal Obispo, Stanislas, Natasha St-Pier, and Grégory Lemarchal.
Wanneroo Lion Park
Wanneroo Lion Park, formerly Bullen's African Lion Safari Park, was an open-range zoo in Carabooda, in the north of Perth, Western Australia.
It operated for 17 years, between 1971 and 1988.
The park was opened on 21 August 1971 by brothers Ken and Stafford Bullen, in partnership with television station TVW7 and Michael Edgley, following the closure of Bullens Circus in 1969, and the success of similar ventures in New South Wales.
There were 32 lions and four cubs, in two separated prides, when it opened.
Cars and tourist buses would drive through the park, and the lions would come up to and onto the vehicles.
They would bite anything attached to the vehicles, especially windscreen wipers and tyres, and windows needed to be kept up to prevent them putting their paws inside.
A separate compound contained various other animals, and there were circus shows featuring cockatoos and monkeys.
The safari raised money for the Lions Club of Wanneroo, and lion cubs would appear on Telethon.
Lion cubs were also sent to appear in events in regional areas, such as the 1976 FeNaCl Festival in Dampier, where two cubs were inducted into the Dampier Lions Club, becoming the first female members.
The park received much media attention, especially following incidents of injuries and reported escapes of lions.
In 1971, a man had his arm clawed when a lion pushed down the car window, and later died in hospital following a reaction to the anaesthetic.
A second death occurred in 1982, an apparent suicide in which a man walked out of his cars towards the lions.
In 1977, lions escaped their enclosure, killed goats, and injured a donkey, and in the mid-1980s there were reports a lion had escaped the park, which were investigated by the police.
The American actress Tippi Hedren visited the park in 1981, and voiced her dismay at the treatment of lions to the media.
In the same year, the RSPCA investigated the animals' welfare, which resulted in the park improving the lions' care.
In 1988, the park closed due to the high costs associated with public liability insurance and feeding the animals, and amid dissent from animal rights activists.
The lions were shot, as there was nowhere for them to be released or transferred.
In 2014 the City of Wanneroo's Regional Museum collected stories and materials related to the park, including making two oral history recordings of former park workers John and Fran Gilbertson, and Marion Colmer.
, Wanneroo Lion Park is the only open-range zoo to have operated in Western Australia.
A new venture was considered in 2011, and premier Colin Barnett planned for Perth Zoo to operate a new open-range venue in the Perth Hills, but that plan was abandoned following the change in government at the 2017 state election.
Mount Llicho
Mount Llicho is a mountain on island of the United States territory of Guam.
Llicho's closest populated area is Umatac.
It is above sea level.
J/Boats
J/Boats is an American boat builder based in Newport, Rhode Island and founded by Rod Johnstone in 1977.
The company specializes in the design and manufacture of fiberglass sailboats.
The company's boat model designations all start with "J/" and then the design's length overall, usually in feet or, more recently, in decimeters.
All J/Boat designs are monohull, sloop-rigged keelboats constructed of fiberglass.
The current company product line consists of ten models ranging in length from .
Past models have ranged from , from the J/22 to the J/65.
Sailboatdata describes the company, "the J/Boats company, a family affair started with brother Bob Johnstone is arguably the most successful producer of performance-oriented boats in the world with nearly 10,000 boats built to Johnstone designs."
Rod Johnstone had completed a correspondence course at the Westlawn School of Yacht Design in the 1960s and in 1975 was working selling advertising for "Soundings", a sailing trade magazine, when he started a homebuilt boat project.
His first boat design, named "Ragtime", was built on weekends, in his garage in Stonington, Connecticut.
He raced the boat in the summer of 1976, with a crew made up of family members and amassed a very successful racing record.
The co-founder of Pearson Yachts and owner of TPI Composites, Inc, Everett Pearson, made an agreement with Johnstone to produce the design in a new factory, in return for the exclusive United states building rights.
The factory was established in an old textile mill in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The design was designated as the J/24 and Johnstone arranged display advertising for the new boat in "Soundings".
Rod Johnstone's brother, Bob Johnstone joined the new company to handle marketing and also invested $20,000 in start-up costs.
He had been working as vice president of marketing for AMF/Alcort, the builders of the Sunfish sailboat at that time, but was unable to interest them in the J/24 design.
The two Johnstone brothers became business partners in J/Boats.
The company intentionally avoided the production aspect of the business, leaving that to Pearson Yachts and instead concentrating on design and marketing.
Production of the J/24 started in 1977 and the new partners expected to sell 250 boats that first year, and actually sold 750.
By early 1978 the class was popular enough to hold a one-design regatta in Key West with twenty boats competing and by that summer sixty-eight competed in Newport, Rhode Island.
Early successful designs included the 1983 J/22, as well as the 1983 J/35, with 330 produced.
The company classifies its designs into one design, offshore cruisers, offshore cruiser-racers, day sailers and weekend cruisers and pure racing designs
By 1992 a new generation of the Johnstone family was running the company, while the elder Johnstones remained involved.
Rod Johnstone's son Jeff Johnstone became president, while his son Alan Johnstone was named vice-president, while Phil Johnstone is legal counsel.
Rod Johnstone's nephew, Jim Johnstone, became sales director.
Five of Jim and Bob Johnstone's sons serve as members of the board of directors: Jeff, Alan, Stuart, Drake and Phil Johnstone.
All the family members involved in the company are serious sailors.
By 2020 the company had built more than 9,000 boats and had ten designs in production: the J/70, J/80, J/88, J/96, J/99, J/111, J/121, J/97E, J/112E and the 122E.
Summary of boats built by J/Boats, by year:
2020 Kuomintang chairmanship election
The 2020 Kuomintang chairmanship election () is scheduled for 7 March 2020.
This will be the eighth direct election of the party leader in Kuomintang history.
All registered, due-paying KMT party members are eligible to vote.
Kuomintang candidate Han Kuo-yu lost the 2020 Taiwanese presidential election held on 11 January 2020.
On the same date, Kuomintang chairman Wu Den-yih announced his intention to resign his post, and stated that other high-ranking officers would also resign.
On 14 January, the Kuomintang announced that a leadership election was scheduled for 7 March 2020.
Wu's resignation as chairman took effect on 15 January 2020.
From that date, Lin Rong-te assumed the chairmanship on an acting basis.
Candidates for the party leadership must be a party member.
The last day to declare candidacy for the 2020 leadership election is 31 January.
For the 2020 leadership election, each candidate is required to collect signatures from at least 3 percent of the party membership prior to 4 February 2020.
Registration of candidates will take place on 3 and 4 February.
In previous leadership elections, candidates were required to secure a simple majority in a two-round system before their certification as the victor.
The party's electoral rules were revised in 2018, so that the candidate with a majority of votes would win the election.
In elections with a single candidate, that candidate must win a simple majority.
If a vote is tied, another election must be held within thirty days.
Recounts can be requested if the margin between two candidates is within 0.2%.
Additionally, regulations regarding suffrage for overseas party members were tightened.
Unlike Taiwan-based members of the Kuomintang, who were eligible to vote after four months of party membership, overseas party members must have held membership for one year.
Chang Ya-chung declared his candidacy for the Kuomintang chairmanship on 14 January 2020.
Wu Chih-chang, leader of the Blue Sky Action Alliance, also announced his bid.
On 20 January, Hau Lung-pin began his campaign for the chairmanship.
Johnny Chiang entered the leadership election on 25 January.
Notes for a Film About Donna and Gail
Notes for a Film About Donna and Gail is a Canadian drama film, directed by Don Owen and released in 1966.
The film centres on Donna (Michèle Chicoine) and Gail (Jackie Burroughs), two young women who work together at a dress factory and live together as roommates, tracing the evolution and decline of their friendship in a documentary-style format.
The film makes use of the then-novel device of an unreliable narrator, ultimately revealing that the film is much more about the narrator's skewed perceptions of the women's relationship than it is about the women themselves.
It was inspired in part by the contemporaneous films of Jean-Luc Godard.
The characters of Donna and Gail recurred in Owen's 1967 feature film "The Ernie Game".
Prior to the release of "The Ernie Game", some critics who had seen only "Notes" perceived Donna and Gail as being in a quasi-lesbian relationship, but Owen demurred by saying "I really don't know, because, well, what is a lesbian relationship?"
The film won a Canadian Film Award in the General Information category at the 19th Canadian Film Awards in 1967.
Shi Shanshan
Shi Shanshan is a Chinese Paralympic powerlifter.
She represented China at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the bronze medal in the women's 48 kg event in 2012.
At the 2010 Asian Para Games she won the gold medal in the women's 48 kg event.
At the 2014 IPC Powerlifting World Championships she won the silver medal in the women's 55 kg event.
At the 2018 Asia-Oceania Open Powerlifting Championships she won the silver medal in the women's 55 kg event.
We Believe in Dinosaurs
We Believe in Dinosaurs is a 2019 American documentary about the controversy surrounding the construction of the Ark Encounter museum in Williamstown, Kentucky.
The museum's goal is to promote young earth creationism and disprove evolution.
According to its directors, Monica Long-Ross and Clayton Brown, the goal of the film is “to spark an important dialogue about the thorny intersection of belief, religion, and science — crossing into the cultural bubbles where so many Americans seem to exist."
Their goal is not to convert creationists.
They go on to say, “We hope that the film can shine a light on the important science and religion conflicts that we face today, including the increasing incidents of science denial, and what the erosion of the separation of church and state means for America, as well as across the world.”
The title of the film is a reference to the Ark Encounter's attempt to blend religious beliefs with science.
The museum argues that dinosaurs existed alongside all modern animals including humans, but perished during the flood narrated in the Bible.
The prevalence of dinosaur-based displays also attracts younger attendees, who are the prime target for religious indoctrination.
Filmed over a four year period, "We Believe in Dinosaurs" follows three Kentucky residents during the construction of the Ark Encounter museum, which attempts to demonstrate the historicity and scientific accuracy of the bible as well as disprove evolution.
The Ark is built to what its creators believe to be the exact specifications given in the bible.
The film interviews and follows several people involved in the process.
Doug Henderson is an artist who creates realistic animals for the Ark Encounter and espouses creationist beliefs.
Dan Phelps is a geologist and activist who seeks to expose the falsehoods promoted by Ken Ham and Answers in Genesis.
David MacMillan is a former creationist.
MacMillan was previously a respected member of the nearby Creation Museum who was seen as an expert in the field.
Today he has been disowned by the church and shares his new perspective publicly through channels such as the Huffington Post.
Instead of detailing the finer points of the debate between evolution and creationism, the film looks more at the genesis of the museum itself.
It examines Williamstown and the businesses and government there that supported the museum.
It also looks at the organization of a protest put on by Tri-State Free Thinkers, a local atheist group with a pro-science stance.
Among those protesting the museum can be found a Baptist Pastor, Chris Caldwell.
Through the process of construction it is made clear that, for the people of Williamstown, Kentucky, the museum was ultimately a disappointment.
The tourism they hoped for quickly dried up as the novelty of the museum wore off.
The film also contains scenes of the completed museum and what type of programs they conduct, which drives home the museum's primary purpose.
Stephen Farber of The Hollywood Reporter describes some of the footage:
One reviewer calls it an "unexpected David-and-Goliath story".
The surprising aspect is that it appears the scientists and protesters are often outmatched by the power of strong belief communities who have the political and financial connections to fund this project.
The film can be considered an exploration into the bigger themes of "truth, opinion and fact and how we manage these things in a democracy".
We Believe in Dinosaurs premiered at the San Francisco International Film Festival in 2019.
It was also screened at the AFI Docs Film Festival in June of 2019.
As of January 2020, the film has 90% on Rotten Tomatoes
Stephen Farber of The Hollywood Reporter calls the documentary, "frustratingly incomplete at times", arguing that there could have been even more skeptical voices to explain exactly why the science at the Ark Encounter is incorrect.
He also says that it "convincingly and sometimes frighteningly explores the big-business connections to fundamentalist religion."
Alan Ng, who explains in his review that he is a practicing Christian who has attended seminary, writing for Film Threat says
Dennis Harvey, a film critic for Variety says
Will Warren, writing a review for Washington City Paper says
Gary M. Kramer, writing for FilmInt.
says
Jennie Kermode of Eye For Film says
Raquel Stecher of Quelle Movies says
Brent Hankins of The Lamplight Review says
DWIF
89.3 Max Radio (DWIF 89.3 MHz) is an FM station owned and operated by Iddes Broadcast Group.
Its studios and transmitter are located at 116 M.L.
Tagarao St., Brgy.
Ilayang Iyam, Lucena, Philippines.
Imperial Church System
The Imperial Church System (German: "Reichskirchensystem", Dutch: "rijkskerkenstelsel") was a governance policy by the early Holy Roman Emperors and other medieval European rulers to entrust the secular governance of the state to as many celibate members of the clergy (especially bishops and abbots) of the Catholic Church as possible instead of to the non-celibate laity.
Emperors and kings did this because celibate clergymen could not produce legitimate heirs who could claim their inheritance at death, and thus not establish regional dynasties that could threaten the power of the imperial or royal house.
Upon their deaths, the areas governed by celibate clerics automatically reverted back to the ruler, who could then appoint their own new confidants to the position and thus retain control of all parts of the realm.
A bishop thus bestowed with temporal (secular) power of a prince, on top of his spiritual (religious) power as a bishop, was known as a prince-bishop, and his domain as a prince-bishopric (German: "Fürstbistum", "Stift" or "Hochstift"; Dutch: "prinsbisdom" or "sticht").
Although the phenomenon is most often associated with the Ottonian emperors (and is therefore sometimes also called the Ottonian System), since emperor Otto I introduced the system in the Holy Roman Empire in the 10th century, the practice of appointing celibate Catholic clerics in worldly governing positions had already existed during the Carolingian Empire, and in Ottonian times also occurred in France and England.
The system worked as long as the emperors and kings could control the appointment of the bishops.
The Ottonians even managed to control the bishops of Rome, who were in the process of achieving papal primacy inside Western Christendom.
The popes, however, managed to strengthen their position in the 11th and 12th century during the Investiture Controversy, and seized indirect control of the appointment of bishops in the Holy Roman Empire with the 1122 Concordat of Worms.
Initially, a system was introduced where local cathedral chapters elected the new bishop, and their choice had to be confirmed by the metropolitan bishop.
In the 14th century, the Holy See began to reserve the appointment of certain bishops to itself, after which the popes gradually laid claim to the exclusive right to appoint all bishops everywhere.
This enabled them to appoint their confidants, thus nullifying the emperors' advantages and thus interest in maintaining and enlarging the Imperial Church System.
Although some prince-bishoprics would continue to exist until the French Revolution or even the German mediatisation (1803), they gradually declined in number and power in subsequent centuries.
List of fellows of IEEE Power Electronics Society
The Fellow grade of membership is the highest level of membership, and cannot be applied for directly by the member – instead the candidate must be nominated by others.
This grade of membership is conferred by the IEEE Board of Directors in recognition of a high level of demonstrated extraordinary accomplishment.
Bullen's African Lion Safari Park
Bullen's African Lion Safari Park was the name of several open-range safari parks in Australia:
Holt, Ohio
Holt is an unincorporated community in Knox Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located about west of New Somerset at the intersection of County Highway 53 and Township Road 218, at .
The Mitchell's Salt Works Post Office was established on July 20, 1848.
The name was changed to Holt Post Office on May 9, 1892, and the branch was discontinued on November 30, 1907.
Mail service is now handled through the Hammondsville branch.
Sex, Explained
Sex, Explained is an American documentary limited series produced by Vox.
The series, along with "The Mind, Explained", is a spin-off of the television series "Explained".
Episodes of the show explore various topics around the subject of sex, seeking to explain nuances and trends.
The series is narrated by Janelle Monáe and debuted on Netflix on January 2, 2020.
Reviews for "Sex, Explained" have been generally positive.
"The Daily Beast"s Jordan Julian said, "Though by no means a substitute for comprehensive sex ed, the Janelle Monáe-narrated series provides adults with a valuable supplement to whatever knowledge they may (or may not) have gleaned from school and experience."
Ashlie D. Stevens of "Salon" described the series as an "entertaining and informative start to some more adult-oriented sex education."
Stevens also noted how the series reflected the strength of the "Explained" series, saying, "But "Sex, Explained" excels in finding a voice that is smarter than it is steamy, which isn't a surprise if you've watched the "Explained" Netflix series that preceded it."
Jerry Nissen
Jerry Nissen (c. 1884 – April 18, 1954) was an American football player and coach.
He served as the head football coach at the University of Montana from 1915 to 1917, compiling a record of 7–7–3.
Nissen was also the head basketball coach at Montana from 1914 to 1918, tallying a mark of 21–16.
Nissen played college football at Washington State University.
He was an assistant football coach at the University of Idaho from 1908 to 1909 and at his alma mater, Washington State, in 1913.
After leaving coaching, Nissen worked as an inspector for the Washington State Department of Highways, retiring around 1951.
He died at the age of 69, on April 18, 1954, in Seattle, Washington, following a long illness.
Tiegbe Bamba
Tiegbe Bamba (born 21 Jan, 1991) is a professional Franco-Ivorian Basketball player.
He plays for the Ivory Coast national basketball team.
Bamba started playing for the Limoges Under 21 Basketball club in the Pro A French U21 basketball league at the age of 19.
In 2015, He played for the Châlons-Reims in the French Jeep Elite league where he avearaged 2.5points.
He moved to the greek side PSYHIKO ATHENS where he averaged 6.7 points he moved to the Romanian division A league side TIMBA TIMISOARA where he averaged 9.2 points per game.
In the same season, he moved to the French LNB STB Le Havre where he averaged 4.5 points.
HE later moved to the C'Chartres Basket where he avaraged 9.5points.
For the 2019/2020 season, He moved to the Aix Maurienne Savoie Basket
Bamba represents the Ivory Coast national basketball team.
He participated at 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup where he averaged 6 points.
Fallout (Australian TV series)
Fallout is an upcoming Australian television drama series set to screen on ABC in 2020.
The series is inspired by true events of British nuclear bomb tests in the 1950s at remote Maralinga, in outback South Australia.
Major Leo Carmichael, an Australian Army Engineer and WWII hero, has to keep the base functioning smoothly.
Testing the most dangerous weapon in the world is no easy task with Commanding Officer, who is not fit for purpose, new meteorologist Dr Eva Lloyd-George, who starts asking questions, and the federal government and press watching his every move.
On the land at Maralinga, which is deemed by officials as "uninhabited", Leo is faced with the arrival of a family of Indigenous Australians who are curious about the giant clouds that explode occasionally.
The six part series is filmed in South Australia.
French distributor and production company APC Studios has helped fund the project and picked up worldwide distribution.
Mousesack
David Gillespie (author)
David Gillespie is a former lawyer who has written several books about health, psychology and education although he admits to no qualifications in nutrition or dietetics, psychology or education.
Some of his claims have been criticized as both misleading and dangerous by qualified dietitians and eminent bodies such as the Australian National Heart Foundation.
Gillespie has published and promoted a number of books in the self-help genre.
"Sweet Poison, Why Sugar Makes Us Fat" is Gillespie's first book which tells the story of how and why he stopped eating sugar.
This was followed by the publication of "The Sweet Poison Quit Plan," the 'how to' supplement to "Sweet Poison"; "The Sweet Poison Quit Plan Cookbook," "a" supplementary book of recipes for sweets made with dextrose instead of fructose and "The No Sugar Recipe Book", which is a re-publication of the cookbook under a different title.
Several "Sugar Free Shopper's Guides" were first published in 2014 and updated in 2016"," for the Australian, North American and British markets.
Following the commercial success of his anti-sugar books, Gillespie published "Toxic Oil: Why Vegetable Oil Will Kill You And How To Save Yourself" which examines what he believes are the dangers of eating vegetable oil.
Gillespie has also written several books about food and dieting that combine his beliefs.
"Big Fat Lies: How The Diet Industry Is Making You Sick, Fat & Poor" which combines Gillespie's views on sugar and polyunsaturated oils; "Eat Real Food" laying out Gillespie's arguments for why you should eat fresh, not processed food and "Eat Real Food Cookbook," the supplementary cookbook for "Eat Real Food."
In 2017 Gillespie published "Taming Toxic People: The science of identifying and dealing with psychopaths at work and home" in which he claims to examine the scientific research on psychopaths and attempts to understand how they operate and how best to deal with them.
With six children to educate, Gillespie has also turned his attention to schooling in Australia and in 2014 published his opinions in "Free Schools: How to get a great education without paying a fortune."
Gillespie has researched and written a series of books about diet and other issues on the basis of his personal experience and conclusions from reading.
In the introduction to "Big Fat Lies" he states "I'm just a lawyer who's worried about my health and the health of my family".
He flaunts his lack of specific training in many interviews with statements such as: "I’m not a nutritionist or doctor or a biochemist or any of that sort of stuff.
So, I’m phenomenally unqualified to talk to anybody about any of that stuff, but because I’m a lawyer it’s not gonna stop me."
His knowledge of psychology and education is also through personal research reading.
However, psychological researchers studying how evidence is processed identify this "thinking like a lawyer," as cherry-picking which pieces of information to pay attention to "in order to reach conclusions that they want to be true."
Psychological researcher Matthew Hornsey points out that "The problem is not about whether they are exposed to information, but about whether the information is processed in a balanced way."
Much criticism of Gillespie's arguments cite his of use qualitative language, his stance of declaring foods "good and bad" or using terms such as "toxic" or "poison".The "typical modern" meals Gillespie describes are recognized by qualified dietitians as unhealthy but these experts maintain that a balanced diet as identified in scientific studies is the recommended diet rather than the extremes that Gillespie suggests.
Dietitian Karen Inge comments "Put simply, there are no bad foods per se.
There are some that lack nutritional integrity but consumed occasionally, in small quantities as a celebratory food or treat, they would have no long-lasting negative effects on our health...But there are poorly balanced diets.
There are diets that have excessively large portions of foods and drinks that contribute too many kilojoules – whether the source is sugar, fat, protein or alcohol."
When Rosemary Stanton, a well known Australian dietitian, was asked to comment on Gillespie's attitude to food, she said "I really think common sense would set us off on the right path.
If you're overweight you're eating too much food and it should be less junk food.
And this is really far more important than finding a scapegoat.
Whether that scapegoat be a particular kind of sugar, a particular kind of fat or the glycemic index."
The National Heart Foundation of Australian has released a statement disagreeing with Gillespie's claims around vegetable oils and including a strong health warning.
"There is no single cause of chronic diseases, including heart disease.
However there is scientific consensus that replacing saturated fat with unsaturated fat, in particular polyunsaturated fat, reduces your risk of heart disease.
The Heart Foundation believes that to say otherwise is dangerous, misleading and wrong.
Following such advice is fraught with risk and if followed could lead to the rapid development of serious health conditions."
With reference to Gillespie's attitude to sugar Stanton says: "It makes very good sense to cut down on food such as sugar where you have no nutrients present rather than cutting down on foods such as fruit and I would absolutely differ with David Gillespie here because there are lots of studies showing when people eat a bit more fruit, and I am talking about fruit not juice, that is correlated with a lower risk of weight gain."
Gillespie bases his analysis in his book "Taming Toxic People" on "available research, personal experience and observations, as well as stories of psychopaths and their victims".
Most studies he has examined involve male prison inmates.As with his other books he claims no expertise in his subject.
The term "psychopath" is not defined in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) .
Gillespie says describing someone as a psychopath "is really just a shorthand way of saying a person that completely lacks empathy."
He uses as examples of "the possible behaviour of psychopaths" the behaviour of figures as diverse as Mother Teresa, Caligula, Donald Trump, Lance Armstrong, Winston Churchill and Jesus while admitting the tests used are not scientific.
Critics warn that the "pop-science, tick-a-box nature [of the assessment means provided] means that it could apply to a non-psychopath whom the reader just doesn’t happen to like.
Similarly, the statement that as many as 1 in 80 in the general population and 1 in 5 in senior executive ranks could be psychopaths calls for challenge."
"Free Schools" is a book about the Australian Education system.
In the book Gillespie looks at how Australia came to have current the school system and then provides a guide to finding the best school.
The key finding of the book is that "there is no correlation between how much you pay and the quality of education".
Gillespie argues that there are two critical factors in identifying the best school; the quality of the teachers and the quality of the leadership team and that these can be found in any part of the Australian school system.
In the book Gillespie states that he has 6 children and if he sent them to the private school he attended or the equivalent girls' school he would have to have paid over $AUS1.3 million in fees.
While the book has received criticism from Teachers Unions, who he says have taken incentives away from teachers, and by the independent school system, no one has disputed that the quality of teachers count.
Gillespie is married with six children, the youngest of which are twins.
Charles Sumner Bird
Charles Sumner Bird (August 15, 1855 – October 9, 1927) was an American politician from Massachusetts.
A progressive Republican, Bird served as the Progressive Party's gubernatorial candidate in the 1912 and 1913 Massachusetts gubernatorial elections.
Charlies Sumner Bird was born on August 15, 1855 in Walpole, Massachusetts to Francis William Bird and Abby Frances.
In 1877 he graduated from Harvard and Bird joined the Bird Corporation, although he had initially wanted to go into law, (then named "Bird and Son") and expanded the company's mills to Rhode Island and Canada and was one of the first to adopt the eight-hour work week.
In 1880 he married Anna J.
Child and later had four children with her.
In 1884 he entered politics and support New York Governor Grover Cleveland for president and again in 1888 and 1892.
After William Jennings Bryan won the Democratic nomination in 1896 he left the Democratic Party and joined the pro-gold standard National Democratic Party.
During the 1912 presidential election he supported former President Theodore Roosevelt in his attempt to win the Republican nomination and after he left to form the Progressive Party he joined.
In 1912 and 1913 he served as the party's candidate for governor of Massachusetts.
Later in life Bird supported the Eighteenth Amendment and attacked unionization as "the greatest crisis that ... this nation has faced for half a century."
On October 9, 1927 Bird died at his home in Walpole, Massachusetts after being ill for two years and left behind an estate worth $12,300,000 ($180,723,051 with inflation).
William E. Brown Jr.
William Ellis Brown Jr. (May 1, 1896December 8, 1970) was a Michigan politician.
Brown was born on May 1, 1896 in Lapeer, Michigan to parents William E. Brown Sr. and Grace Brown.
Brown served in the United States Army during World War I.
Brown was an automobile dealer and worked in the insurance business.
Brown served as the mayor of Ann Arbor, Michigan from 1945 until 1957, when he was not re-elected.
Brown was a Republican.
Brown married Eleanor Shartel on October 12, 1920.
Brown was a member of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks.
Brown was Presbyterian.
Brown died on December 8, 1970.
He was interred at Forest Hill Cemetery in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
George Menke
George V. Menke (died March 13, 1978) was an American football player and coach.
He served as the head football coach at American University in Washington, D.C. in 1939.
Menke played college football at Catholic University of America.
Popova (crater)
Popova is a crater on Mercury.
Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2012, after the Russian painter and designer Lyubov Popova.
The crater has a bright ray system that overlies surrounding features and is thus young.
The peak-ring basin Chekhov is to the southeast of Popova, and the flat-floored Unkei is to the northeast.
Yuka Ishigaki
Ishigaki has won singles titles at the 2010 Egypt Open and the 2016 Bulgaria Open, and a women's doubles crown at the 2010 Japan Open.
Carlos Tobalina (filmmaker)
Efrain "Carlos" Tobalina (1925 – March 31, 1989), also known as Carlos Tobalina and often credited as Troy Benny, was a Peruvian-born filmmaker and actor known for his work on pornographic films.
He directed such films as "Infrasexum" (1969), "Jungle Blue" (1978), "Three Ripening Cherries" (1979), "Sensual Fire" (1980), and "Flesh and Bullets" (1985).
He became the owner of several adult theaters, and was involved in court cases related to obscenity laws.
In 1989, he was found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head at one of his houses in Los Angeles.
Tobalina was born in 1925 in Peru, and emigrated to Brazil and then to the United States in the early 1950s.
He arrived in California in 1956, and over the next few years, he worked as both a car salesman at a number of car dealerships and a Spanish-language announcer.
In 1964, Tobalina founded C. Tobalina Productions, Inc., his film company.
He made his debut as a film director and actor with the 1969 film "Infrasexum".
By the autumn of 1971, Tobalina had become the owner of the Mayan Theater in Los Angeles, California after purchasing it for around $300,000.
Throughout the decade, Tobalina and his wife Maria Pia Palfrader took ownership of a small number of adult theaters, including the X Theater on Hollywood Boulevard and the Star Theater in La Puente.
As early as 1969, Tobalina hired lawyers to defend himself and his films from obscenity laws of the time.
"Infrasexum" was brought to court in the state of Colorado on the charge of being "obscene material", but the court ultimately sided with Tobalina.
After the case, Tobalina filed a counterclaim against the prosecution, which included the mayor, state attorney general, and governor of Denver.
In 1970, a screening of "Infrasexum" in Birmingham, Alabama resulted in the arrest of a theater manager and a projectionist on account of allegedly violating city ordinances regarding obscene material.
In September 1971, the Los Angeles County Superior Court declared Tobalina guilty of violating a California Penal Code regarding the exhibition of obscene material for screening the 1971 film "Januarius".
Tobalina then hired lawyer Stanley Fleishman to appeal the ruling; appeals were made to the Los Angeles County appellate court, which upheld the ruling, and the California Supreme Court, which declined to review the case.
Fleishman then petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court.
By 1973, after an increase in pornography-related court cases similar to those Tobalina was involved in, the U.S. Supreme Court redefined its definition of "obscenity" with the decision "Miller v. California", from "utterly without socially redeeming value" to that which lacks "serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value".
Tobalina married a bookkeeper named Maria Pia Palfrader in 1964, becoming a stepfather to her young daughter Gloria.
Two years later, in 1966, he and Maria had a daughter named Linda.
On March 31, 1989, Tobalina's wife Maria found him lying unresponsive in the enclosed back patio of one of his houses in the neighborhood of Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles.
He was discovered with a .38 caliber Smith & Wesson revolver in his right hand, and was declared dead from a gunshot wound to the head.
He had written a suicide note which explained that he was suffering from terminal liver cancer.
Liu Gangji
Liu Gangji (; 17 January 1933 – 1 December 2019) was a Chinese aesthetician, calligrapher, historian, painter, and philosopher.
He was considered a founder of the study of the history of Chinese aesthetics.
He was a distinguished professor and Director of the Institute of Aesthetics of Wuhan University.
He also served as Vice President of the China Aesthetics Society.
Liu was born on 17 January 1933 in Haoying Village, Puding County, Guizhou, Republic of China.
He graduated from the Department of Philosophy of Peking University in 1956, and then spent two more years there studying aesthetics.
He joined the faculty of Wuhan University on the invitation of President Li Da, and spent his entire career at the university.
He was promoted to lecturer in 1963, to associate professor in 1978, and to professor in 1982.
He was named a distinguished professor in 2006.
He was a longtime director of the Institute of Aesthetics at Wuhan University, and also served as Vice President of the China Aesthetics Society.
Liu spent decades studying Marxist aesthetics, history of Chinese aesthetics, history of Chinese calligraphy and painting, and Chinese traditional thoughts and culture.
He and Li Zehou co-edited the two-volume "History of Chinese Aesthetics" (中国美学史), published in 1984 and 1987.
Considered the foundational work in the field, the book is described as "monumental" despite being unfinished.
In "The Spreading and Influence of German Aesthetics in China", he argued that modern Chinese aesthetics have largely resulted from the propagation of German idealism, through the translated writings of thinkers such as Alexander Baumgarten, Immanuel Kant, and Karl Marx.
In 1999, he was invited to teach as a visiting professor at the University of Trier and Heidelberg University in Germany, and the book was translated into German and published by the University of Trier Press.
Liu was also a painter and calligrapher.
He published "Collected Paintings and Calligraphy of Liu Gangji" in 2012, which includes 269 of his works.
The Hubei Institute of Fine Arts held his personal art exhibition in the same year with more than 150 works.
He has been described as "an artist among philosophers, and a philosopher among artists".
Liu was married to Sun Jialan (孙家兰).
He died on 1 December 2019 in Wuhan, aged 86.
World Beyond War
World Beyond War (distinct from Beyond War) is an anti-war organization with chapters and affiliates in about two dozen countries.
The organization bills itself as "a global nonviolent movement to end war and establish a just and sustainable peace."
It is opposed to the very institution of war and not just individual wars.
World Beyond War publishes books, maintains a speakers bureau, funds the installation of billboards, hosts conferences, organizes protests, and produces webinars.
Its book "A Global Security System: An Alternative to War"
Started in 2014 and headquartered Chartlottesville, Virginia, World Beyond Wars's executive director is David Swanson.
Publications by people affiliated with World Beyond War have appeared in The Nation, The New York Times, Truthout, Counterpunch, and The Progressive.
It has gotten coverage by the Cato Institute, Scientific American, Truthdig, Common Dreams, and Catholic Sentinel.
In June 2019, World Beyond War "was refused permission to place advertisements featuring the slogan “US troops out of Shannon” on billboards in Limerick during Donald Trump’s visit to Ireland."
Melekeduri
Melekeduri () is a village in the Ozurgeti Municipality of Guria in western Georgia.
Leigh J.
Young
Leigh Jarvis Young (March 31, 1883December 24, 1960) was a Michigan politician.
Young was born on March 31, 1883 in Albia, Iowa to parents David Whitcomb and Mary Young.
Young worked as an Associate Professor of Forestry for the University of Michigan from 1911 to 1920.
Young served as the mayor of Ann Arbor, Michigan from 1941 to 1945.
Young married Frances Speed Graham in 1912.
Young died of heart disease in the Saint Joseph Mercy Hospital in Ann Arbor, Michigan on December 24, 1960.
Young was cremated.
Meria, Ozurgeti Municipality
Meria () is a village in the Ozurgeti Municipality of Guria in western Georgia.
The Copenhagen Trilogy
The Copenhagen Trilogy is a trilogy of memoirs by Danish author Tove Ditlevsen.
The memoirs were first released in Denmark between 1967 and 1971 under the titles "Barndom", "Ungdom", and "Gift".
In 2019 all three memoirs were translated into English by Tiina Nunnally and Michael Favala Goldman under the titles "Childhood", "Youth" and "Dependency" and published by Penguin Books.
The memoirs were collectively called "The Copenhagen Trilogy".
The English translation of the memoirs received warm critical praise.
"The Guardian" reviewed the series twice, calling it a "mordant, vibrantly confessional autobiographical work".
A second review praised it as "raw and poignant" and compared the memoirs to Janet Frame's autobiographical trilogy "An Angel at My Table".
"The Spectator" called the trilogy "sharp, tough and tender".
Julie Bargmann
Julie Bargmann (born 1958) is an American landscape architect.
She is an associate professor at the University of Virginia School of Architecture.
Bargmann was raised in New Jersey as one of eight children born to a salesman and homemaker.
She attended Carnegie Mellon University for her Bachelor of Arts degree and Harvard Graduate School of Design for her Master's degree.
After graduating from Harvard, she worked alongside Michael Van Valkenburgh in landscape architecture while also teaching at the University of Minnesota.
In 1992, Bargmann founded D.I.R.T (Dump It Right There), a landscape design studio in Charlottesville, Virginia.
She turned what was commonly seen as trash into sculptures and art pieces.
One of the projects D.I.R.T focused on was reutilizing former landfill sites into public spaces, such as parks and playgrounds.
She also collaborated with various artists, historians, hydrologist, and members of the local community to reconstruct Vintondale, Pennsylvania's acid mine drainage into Vintondale Reclamation Park.
Bargmann has stated that she likes to incorporate a site's past into its future because "there’s something dishonest and superficial about giving a site’s (fabricated) physical appearance precedence over its function and history."
During this time, Bargmann accepted a position University of Virginia School of Architecture while still continuing to work with D.I.R.T.
In 1998, she was a contributing editor to the "Landscape Journal" from the University of Wisconsin Press.
In 2000, Bargmann and architect William McDonoug collaborated to repurpose a 1,200-acre Ford Motor Corporation plant in Dearborn, Michigan.
As the site was heavily polluted, she received $2 billion to make it ecological friendly.
The following year, she received a National Design Awards for her environmental design projects.
She later received a fellowship at the Parsons School of Design, School of Constructed Environments.
In 2007, she collaborated with Manu Sobti to co-teach at Urban Edge Studio to repurpose Milwaukee’s decaying landscape.
As a result of her efforts, she was the recipient of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee School of Architecture & Urban Planning "Urban Edge award".
A few years later, Bargmann and D.I.R.T were hired to renovate Urban Outfitters headquarters from an abandoned Navy Yard.
She constructed the exterior landscaping around the building to include pathways, laws, and dog parks.
As part of the land included a working Navy base, she uncovered and designed ship crainways, ecological floating wetlands, and reused debris as pavers to turn the site into an ecological friendly landscape.
In 2019, she was named a juror for the DIA Plaza Design Competition hosted by the Detroit Institute of Arts and Midtown Detroit, Inc.
1997 Origins Award winners
The following are the winners of the 24th annual (1997) Origins Award, presented at Origins 1998:
Across the Barrier of Sound: PostScript
Across the Barrier of Sound: PostScript is a 2020 compilation album consisting of material recorded in 1989 and 1990 by Game Theory, a California power pop band founded in 1982 by guitarist and singer-songwriter Scott Miller.
The band's lineup during this period included Michael Quercio, who had previously fronted the Paisley Underground group The Three O'Clock.
The album by Omnivore Recordings on March 20, 2020.
The collection of mostly previously unreleased songs from Game Theory's final lineup concludes Omnivore's series of Game Theory reissues which began in 2014.
The Rape of a Sweet Young Girl
The Rape of a Sweet Young Girl () is a Canadian satirical comedy-drama film, directed by Gilles Carle and released in 1968.
The film stars Julie Lachapelle as Julie, a young sexually liberated woman who gets pregnant from a casual but consensual sexual encounter and wrestles with whether to have the baby or go for an abortion, while her older brothers Raphaël (Daniel Pilon), Gabriel (Donald Pilon) and Joachim (André Gagnon) decide, without listening to Julie's own perspective, that she has been raped and set off to find the "assailant", and themselves end up committing rape against another young woman.
Following its Canadian theatrical premiere in 1968, the film was screened in the Director's Fortnight stream at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival.
La Cuisine au Beurre
La Cuisine au Beurre is a 1963 French comedy film starring Fernandel and Bourvil.
It was one of the most popular films of the year in France.
Bill Windauer
Bill Windauer (born November 22, 1949) is a former American football defensive tackle.
He played for the Baltimore Colts from 1973 to 1974, the New York Giants in 1975 and for the Atlanta Falcons in 1976.
Bebert and the Train
Bebert and the Train is a 1963 French film.
It was one of the most popular films of the year in France.
Nancy Naples
Nancy Naples may refer to:
Edith Lovell Andrews
Edith Lovell Andrews, (7 November 1886 -1980) was a British painter and decorative artist.
Andrews was born in Newport in Monmouthshire and was educated at the Forest Gate Collegiate School.
She studied at the Worcester School of Art from 1903 to 1907 and then at the Glasgow School of Art for two years before attending Heatherley's School of Art in London until 1914.
She painted landscapes and flower subjects in watercolours and tempera.
Andrews also produced posters in tempera, decorative lettering and works on vellum.
Andrews exhibited extensively in international shows, in Canada and in Stockholm and Turin, and also in Britain, notably at St Ives where she lived.
She was elected a member of the St Ives Society of Artists and had a solo exhibition in 1957.
The British Museum holds examples of her work.
Jim Romaniszyn
Jim Romaniszyn (born September 17, 1951) is a former American football linebacker.
He played for the Cleveland Browns from 1973 to 1974 and for the New England Patriots in 1976.
Golam Rabbani (politician)
Golam Rabbani (died 10 January 2011) was a Bangladeshi politician who served as a Jatiya Sangsad member representing the Joypurhat-1 constituency.
Perahu payang
Perahu payang or simply payang is a traditional Malay open fishing boat.
They are usually found in Terengganu, and to a lesser extent, Kelantan, Pahang, and Johor coasts.
A few examples normally come down to Singapore to operate during the period of the north-east monsoon in the South China Sea.
The name perahu payang comes from "payang" (a type of seine) used by local fishermen.
Perahu is Malay word for boat and/or ship.
Thus the name can be translated as "a boat that use "payang"".
Perahu payang has a crew of 15-20 men when fishing.
It carries a net which the name derives, the "pukat payang".
The perahu payang ranges in length from about 33-45 feet (10-13.7 m) with a beam of 6 to more than 7 feet (1.8-2.1 m).
The bow and stern are built up fantastically giving a most striking appearance.
These ends, the keel and bottom planks are built of chengai wood, the top planks usually being serayah wood.
The upper strakes of Malay boats, "timbau", are usually made of light woods as "serayah" or "medang" to support the crew and nets should the boat be swamped.
If built of chengai wood only the boat would sink.
It has 2 spar rest, 1 forward and 1 aft.
It carried two rectangular sails on two masts.
The sail is taller than its wide.
The mainmast decidedly bent over at the top to give a certain springiness when meeting the wind.
There is a gaff and a boom in the sail.
Payangs are provided with an anchor, also 13 or 14 oars, 4 or 5 "pengayoh" (paddle), and "kemudi" "sepak" (large oar which is used for steering) which is held over the lee quarter.
They carry a small boat called "sampan payang", about 6 feet (1.8 m) long by 2 feet (61 cm) beam.
Near the bow is a painted carved figurehead usually like the head of a dragon.
The bow is also decorated by a necklace made from the pinang tree called "mayang pinang".
They also carry one or two long poles (quant/punting poles) are carried for use in shallow water, a small landing net and a wire hoop strung with cockle shells ("kulit krang") on the end of a stick.
This wire hoop is used for frightening the fish into the net by shaking it under the water when it makes a rattling sound.
It carried a large net, called "pukat petarang", measuring about 110 to 120 feet (33.5-36.6 m) long by 18 feet (5.5 m) wide.
1907–08 Dartmouth men's ice hockey season
The 1907–08 Dartmouth men's ice hockey season was the 3rd season of play for the program.
With only one of the four founders of the program left (Warren Foote) the hockey team wasn't able to sustain the success they found in their second season and finished with a 1–5–1 record.
Note: Dartmouth College did not possess a moniker for its athletic teams until the 1920s, however, the university had adopted 'Dartmouth Green' as its school color in 1866.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Cao Xibin
Cao Xibin (; born February 1963) is a Chinese engineer and professor and doctoral supervisor at Harbin Institute of Technology.
Cao was born in Zhaodong, Heilongjiang, in February 1963.
He earned a bachelor's degree in 1985, a master's degree in 1988, and a doctor's degree in 1991, all from Harbin Institute of Technology.
In October 1991 he pursued advanced studies in Russia, where he graduated from Samara National Research University.
After graduating from Harbin Institute of Technology, Cao taught at the university, where he was dean of the School of Astronautics in June 2009 and its vice-president in February 2019.
All for You (Sechs Kies EP)
All for You is the first extended play by South Korean boy group, Sechs Kies, released on January 28, 2020, under YG Entertainment.
The EP marks their first release since "Another Light" (2017), and as a 4 member group following Sunghoon's departure in January 2019.
On September 21, 2018, YG Entertainment announced that Kang Sunghoon would not be participating in Sechs Kies activities due to ongoing scandals, and in their statement, mentioned that the group was recording new music at the time, having to push back the release date as the result of the scandals.
The group later performed without Sunghoon on October 14 of that year, where they confirmed they would soon come back, and were in the midst of picking new songs for the album.
On January 1, 2019, Sunghoon announced he was leaving Sechs Kies as to no longer delay the group's upcoming events.
On November 14, it was confirmed that the comeback video was filmed and the group had yet to decide on a release date for the album.
The album release date was eventually revealed on January 7.
The album was title, "All for You" was announced on January 12, with the title track's details released two days later.
43rd Japan Academy Film Prize
The is the 43rd edition of the Japan Academy Film Prize, an award presented by the Nippon Academy-Sho Association to award excellence in filmmaking.
Geetha Angara homicide
On the afternoon of February 9, 2005, the body of Geetha Angara, a chemist who had not been seen since the previous morning when she had gone to the water tanks to take samples, was found in a water tank at the Passaic Valley Water Commission treatment facility in Totowa, New Jersey, United States, after the tanks had been drained.
A radio and broken beaker she had been carrying when last seen alive were also found in the water below an access panel that was slightly ajar.
Broken glass was found on the floor near that panel.
An autopsy found bruises on Angara's neck consistent with choking, as well as on her waist and elbows, suggesting she had been involved in a violent struggle, but not a deadly one.
The cause of death was determined to be drowning, as she was alive when she had gone into the water.
Investigators classified the case as a homicide, believing the killing had been intentional; they put Angara's death as having occurred the day before.
Since access to the plant was tightly controlled, police believed that the responsible party was someone else in the plant that day.
After interviewing all of Angara's coworkers over the next few months, detectives found some possible motives and narrowed a list of possible suspects down to eight men.
Three were ultimately considered suspects, but after further investigation the case went cold, and they have not been publicly identified and no arrests have been made.
Investigators have also considered the possibility that the death was purely accidental, based on the work of a Scottish pathologist who argues that injuries very similar to those associated with strangulation can occur as victims drown in very cold water such as that Angara was found in—the theory is that the plate over the tank might negligently have been left open following some sample collection for water testing.
Struck by similarities with a 1968 killing of a woman, also in Passaic County, alone while in a high-security industrial complex on a weekend, they looked for leads in that case's file.
In 2007, Angara's family, frustrated by the lack of progress, successfully pushed for the state's Attorney General to review the case, but that effort did not result in any new leads or information either.
Born in Chennai, India, in 1961, Angara earned bachelor's and master's degrees in chemistry from Loyola College, Chennai, the first woman in the school's history to do so.
As the top student in the class, she earned a gold medal.
In 1984, she emigrated to the U.S., where she earned additional master's degrees and a doctorate in organic chemistry from New York University.
Angara married another Indian emigré who worked in banking, and the couple shortly had the first of their three children, settling at first in Clifton, New Jersey, a suburb in Passaic County.
After a year at Merck analyzing compounds, in 1992 Angara began working for the Passaic Valley Water Commission (PVWC), a public utility owned by Clifton and the neighboring cities of Passaic and Paterson, which provides of water daily to 800,000 customers in those cities and 14 other communities in that region of North Jersey.
Seven years later, the family moved to Holmdel, to the south in Monmouth County, where they believed the school system was better.
In 2003 an episode of "", "", used the plant as one of its filming locations.
It centered on a coverup of lethal fraternity hazing; one scene had a character's body found floating in a tank.
"Brotherhood" was the show's first episode aired in 2004.
Angara had been considering leaving the PVWC, but changed her mind after she was promoted to senior chemist of the plant and earned a plant operator's license.
In that position, she took the lead in transitioning the Totowa plant from the chlorination it had been using to purify its water to an ozone-based process.
She was proud of her work on that project, but some of her coworkers had resented both her promotion and the switch, her husband later recalled.
Angara did not socialize much with her coworkers, other than a few she worked with closely, preferring to concentrate on her work.
In August 2004, the ozone system, to the extent it had been installed, failed briefly due to poor welding.
In late January 2005, the discovery of a pinkish substance in the treated water, during a week Angara was out sick, heightened tensions in the PVWC workplace, since Angara was asked to retrain some coworkers as a result.
Angara had also begun the process of applying for another license, which aroused more antipathy among those coworkers who disliked her.
Another coworker later told "People" this attitude was at least in part racially motivated: "Ninety-eight percent of the plant is white, and not all of them like seeing immigrants do well".
On the morning of February 8, Angara arrived at 7:30 a.m. and worked until a 9:45 a.m. breakfast with her immediate coworkers.
One, a subordinate of hers, told her that the plant's filters and clarity sensors needed to be calibrated, an assertion supported by plant records.
The group left for another building shortly before 10 a.m.; Angara returned to the building where she usually worked at 10:30.
Angara was carrying a clipboard, beaker, and a two-way radio.
She left a sandwich on her desk, apparently intending to eat it when she returned from a task her coworkers said she had done many times without incident.
It was the last time Angara was seen alive.
The subordinate who had reminded her of the need to calibrate the instruments went into the basement themselves, noticing broken glass on the floor in one area about 15 to 20 minutes later.
By 11 a.m. the subordinate was asking other workers in the lab if anyone had seen Angara.
Angara's absence would not otherwise be noticed at work until 9:20 p.m. that night, when a worker on the night shift noted that her car was still in the parking lot; another worker noticed that her sandwich still on her desk where she had left it and her coat was still in the closet.
Her coworkers returned to work from their homes to search the building for her.
Repeated calls to her cell phone from her family in Holmdel, where she was supposed to give her daughter a ride to an afternoon basketball game, had gone unanswered.
Workers at the plant called the Angaras to say they could not find her at the plant and it did not appear she had ever left.
Before midnight, she had been reported missing to police.
Workers searching the basement found an area where one of the , aluminum floor panels that opened onto the million-gallon () tanks was slightly ajar, and the 12 screws which normally held it in place were broken or missing.
On the floor nearby were some shards of broken glass consistent with the beaker Angara had been carrying.
These were swept up and thrown away.
At 2 a.m. on February 9, PVWC officials shut the plant down so that the tank below that panel could be drained.
When it was, Angara's radio and clipboard were found.
Over the course of the day, the other tanks were drained.
At 6:30 p.m. Angara's body was found in the clear well, a different tank it had drifted into.
Before refilling the tanks and restoring service, the commission issued a boil-water order to customers as a precaution; this was lifted at the end of the following day.
Angara's body was autopsied by the Passaic County coroner's office.
The pathologists found that she was alive when she went into the water and reported the cause of death as drowning.
But her neck had deep bruises suggesting a strangulation attempt prior to death.
Other bruises on her waist and elbow suggested a struggle Six days after Angara's death, county prosecutor James Avigliano announced that the case would be investigated as a homicide.
Detectives' case theory was that whoever had killed Angara had likely incapacitated her first (exactly how, if not just through the strangulation, has not been made public since only the killer would know that; some accounts suggest she was struck on the head, but with only bare hands), and then opened the access panel and dumped her in, then hastily replaced the panel.
An alarm system that would have gone off when it detected significant displacement in the water was not functioning.
The tank was unlit and there was no ladder that would have allowed Angara to climb up into the between the water surface and the basement floor; the water itself filled the tank to a uniform depth of leaving no place to stand.
The circumstances made it difficult to find forensic evidence that might lead to the killer.
Angara's body had been immersed for over a day, and the heavy chlorination in the water eliminated any trace evidence, such as DNA or fingerprints, that another person might have left on it or her clothing during the final struggle.
The glass fragments from the beaker on the floor near the panel had been irretrievably disposed of shortly after they were found,
Many firefighters and police officers, as well as plant workers, had walked through the putative crime scene before the body was found, leaving it severely compromised.
While there were many security cameras elsewhere in the plant complex, there were none in the basement above the tanks.
Loud machinery in the area where Angara was attacked would have muffled any sounds like a scream, struggle, or broken glass.
This paucity of evidence was offset by the limited pool of suspects.
Access to the treatment plant complex was tightly controlled, with only one driveway and a manned security post where all entrants had to check in, monitored by a camera (although once they had been cleared, they could move about the complex freely).
Most of the property was otherwise fenced off, except for the south side on the Passaic River.
Security records showed that no one was in the complex that day who had not been cleared.
Of the plant's 83 other employees, 50 had come to work that day.
Police believed one of those people had killed Angara.
Since the autopsy showed she had not been sexually assaulted, they ruled out that as a motive.
They also dismissed any attempt to emulate the "Special Victims Unit" episode.
Instead, after learning of the animosity some of her coworkers had for Angara, they looked to that.
Two women were known to have widely disliked Angara, but no one thought they were capable of killing her over that.
Detectives found that many of her coworkers thought well of her, saying that in addition to being devoted to her work and cheerful, she was modest, asking them not to address her as "Doctor" and simply use her first name instead.
Her job responsibilities as senior chemist did not include hiring or firing authority, making it unlikely that a workplace dispute could have arisen from those possibilities.
Investigators began to consider the possibility that the killing was not planned and instead had arisen from either an argument or Angara witnessing something the killer did not want anyone to witness; they had also ruled out the discoloration and ozone issues as a motive, and no longer believed the displacement sensor's breakdown was a factor.
From the strength required to lift and replace the access panel, and struggle with the , chemist, police came to believe the killer was male (although the county coroner argued that a woman in sufficient physical condition could have done those things as well).
The Passaic County prosecutor's office assigned 13 detectives to work the case; they spent 4,000 hours interviewing all the plant's employees and getting DNA samples from those who had worked there that day.
Workers did their jobs in pairs as a safety precaution while the police kept a close eye on what happened at the plant.
The investigation exacerbated tensions among employees.
A month after Angara was killed, two electricians started arguing about overtime.
One threatened to take the other "off the grounds and smash his head in", according to police.
After the other electrician complained, he was suspended.
By that time investigators had narrowed their focus to a group of eight men, finding that many of the employees had a generally favorable impression of Angara.
They still had not identified what might have moved one of them to kill her.
"Either there is some very powerful motive out there that someone has kept completely to themselves, or it may suggest this wasn't a planned killing", such as a confrontation that got more heated, chief assistant prosecutor John Latoracca told "The New York Times".
One year after the crime, detectives had narrowed that group down to three suspects, one of whom was the coworker who had first taken note of Angara's absence after walking down to the basement.
James Wood, chief homicide detective for the prosecutor's office, told "The New York Post", that another suspect was in his opinion about to confess before retaining counsel and refusing to speak with police further.
"None of them have solid alibis; they all had access to the place she was", Wood added.
Police had asked all three suspects to take lie detector tests, with different results.
One passed, another was inconclusive, and a third refused.
"This killer isn't smart, just lucky", Wood said.
Investigators believed more strongly that the case was an instance of manslaughter rather than a planned killing.
Re-interviews following the lie detector tests did not produce anything.
Divers looked through the tanks to see if anything had been missed.
Federal and state environmental regulators reviewed the plant's records, at the request of police, for anything unusual they might have missed.
By the middle of 2006, no new leads had emerged, and the case went cold, one of two out of Passaic County's 30 homicides that year that went unsolved.
At the request of the Angara family, the state Attorney General's office had the state police review the case in 2007, but nothing new developed from that.
After Angara's death, the PVWC contracted for improved security, including armed guards patrolling inside and outside the plant at all hours.
In 2007 the family filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the PVWC and some of its employees.
They alleged that the plant had a history of safety violations and accidents, for which the state had cited it 55 times, but the commission had done nothing to correct them.
After two years, a judge ordered the parties to mediation.
Ten years after the killing, when the Angara family had lobbied state senator Joe Kyrillos to support their call for another state-level review, police suggested that they might have been mistaken about the three suspects.
"[W]e looked into the additional things that became areas of concern in interviewing these folks", chief assistant prosecutor Latoracca told "The Star-Ledger", "and based on that, we thought that while there were reasons they came across as hinky, we ultimately didn't believe they actively killed her".
Police have considered two alternative possibilities related to the crime.
Early in the case, investigators noted that an unsolved 1968 killing, also in their jurisdiction, bore some similarities to the Angara case.
On August 31 of that year, the body of 22-year-old Joan Freeman, from what was then known as West Paterson, was found in a hallway at the Hoffmann-La Roche plant complex that straddled the border between Clifton in Passaic County and Nutley in neighboring Essex County.
She had been attacked suddenly from behind, struck several times on the head with a wooden mallet, after which the attacker slit her throat; any one of the wounds inflicted would have been enough to kill her, the coroner said.
Passaic County authorities investigated the case since it was determined to have occurred on their side of the county line.
Like Angara, the case combined minimal evidence at the scene with a limited pool of suspects.
Freeman, a secretary at the plant, had also been working alone, doing overtime recording employees' work hours from their time cards, on a Saturday in a second-floor library in one of the 86 buildings on the drug company's campus, when she was killed.
There were no fingerprints on the mallet, and the knife used to cut her throat was never found.
The campus itself was, like the Totowa treatment plant, fenced off with access permitted only to those who had been cleared to enter by security.
Like Angara, detectives pored over Freeman's personal life but could not find anything which could give rise to a motive.
The county prosecutor's office, state police, and Clifton police devoted 16 investigators, including two full-time, to interview 300 people who might have been able to be on campus that day, including lie detector tests.
But they were unable to narrow down any specific suspects.
"Many times I went home and couldn't sleep", one of detectives recalled later.
"We just didn't get that lucky break".
The case is still open; detectives review the files occasionally.
"The events are similar in nature", county prosecutor Avigliano told "The Star-Ledger".
"A woman was murdered in a secure facility."
His office's detectives studied the case both to see if anyone who had worked at Hofmann later worked for the PVWC, and to see if they could learn from how the investigators handled the Freeman case.
In May 2006, over a year after Angara's death, it was reported that some of the investigators had begun to consider the possibility that it was in fact an accident.
They had contacted Scottish forensic pathologist Derrick Pounder of the University of Dundee, one of the few in the field expert in drownings, particularly those that occur in cold water.
His research has found that in a small percentage of such cases, the victim experiences bruising on the neck and petechiae on the eyeballs that closely mimics injuries otherwise seen as strong indicators of premortem strangulation.
Pounder never examined Angara's body (and could not have, since it had been cremated shortly after her death in accordance with Hindu funerary traditions), nor any of the records from the autopsy.
County prosecutor Avigliano noted that five medical examiners in Passaic County, who "had" had access to the body and records, had all agreed that the death was a homicide.
But that belief was not unanimous among those who had been part of the initial investigation.
The county's chief homicide detective Wood retired in 2006 after having worked on the Angara case for 18 months.
By the time of the third anniversary of Angara's death, he had come to believe, in part after considering Pounder's research, that the case was an accident, the result of negligence rather than malice.
He said that the plate may have been removed before Angara came to the room where it was.
An unnamed plant worker told "The New York Post" that on the day of Angara's death, the state had ordered some testing as a result of the pinkish discoloration.
Normally the necessary sample could be collected by machines along the path, but one supervisor was "very old school.
We still tested by taking water directly from the tank.
And that required removing the plate", the worker said.
Wood believes that someone forgot to replace the plate.
When Angara came into the dimly lit area, she did not see it and fell in, after which the person who should have replaced the plate did so in a hurry.
"I don't think anyone will ever admit to taking that plate off or putting it back on because they know they're going to be held liable for it", Wood told "The Star-Ledger".
In 2015 Angara's daughter disputed that theory.
Her mother was exceedingly cautious, she said, and it was unlikely that she would have failed to see a dark, wide hole in the floor.
At the time, plant workers said they had never seen one of those panels left open, either.
"I think you would have to ignore a lot of facts to believe it was an accident", Angara's daughter said.
The family has also questioned why it seemed Angara's coworkers failed to notice her absence for the rest of their day.
At that time the county prosecutor's office described the case as "open but inactive"; chief assistant prosecutor Latoracca, who was by then in private practice as a criminal defense attorney, said he understood why Wood and some other detectives had come to believe Angara's death was an accident but reiterated that he had faith in the medical conclusions that her death had been caused intentionally.
Jean Holloway
Jean Holloway (born Gratia Jean Casey) was an American film, radio, and television writer who worked in Hollywood from the 1940s through the 1970s.
Jean was born in San Francisco, California, to Arthur Casey—an official with the U.S. Department of Justice—and Gratia Holloway.
Her parents divorced when she was young.
While attending San Jose State University, she went to New York on vacation and was offered work on "The Kate Smith Show", a popular radio program.
She was just 17 at the time, and she never returned to college.
She later wrote for popular programs like "The Hallmark Radio Hall of Fame", "Mr. President", and "The Railroad Hour" before moving into writing for film.
Holloway's first screenwriting credit was on the 1946 MGM film "While the Clouds Roll By".
Though she wrote three incredibly popular musicals for the studio, she was frustrated by MGM's unwillingness to let her write dramas, so she moved primarily into writing for television in the 1950s.
She was on staff at "The Ghost & Mrs. Muir" in the late 1960s.
Holloway was married to character actor Dan Tobin, who she met while working on the daytime soap opera "The First 100 Years".
Thomas K. Finletter (judge)
Thomas K. Finletter was a judge of the Court of the Common Pleas in Pennsylvania.
His grandson was Thomas K. Finletter.
The Thomas K. Finletter School was named for him.
Shan Zhongde
Shan Zhongde (; born January 1970) is a Chinese engineer and currently researcher and doctoral supervisor of China Academy of Machinery Science and Technology.
Shan was born in Gaomi, Shandong, in January 1970.
He received his master's degree and doctor's degree from Xi'an University of Technology in 1993 and 1996, respectively.
In 2002 he obtained his doctor's degree from Tsinghua University.
Then he became a visiting scholar at Cardiff University.
he was a postdoctoral fellow at Tsinghua University between 2003 and 2006.
In 2014 he was appointed vice-president of China Academy of Machinery Science and Technology.
He has been deputy general manager of China Academy of Machinery Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd. since March 2018.
Shinae Carrington
Shinae Carrington (born 18 October 2000) is a New Zealand water polo player.
She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
She played for Marist College.
James Gay Gordon
James Gay Gordon (1855-1937) was a judge in Pennsylvania.
Ramesh Choudhary
Ramesh Choudhary
,Ek gav 10vi Napas, Hasa pn Daat ghada.
Ramesh Choudhary was born in Chinchwad, Pune and now lives in Mumbai.
His father worked as an employee for Government of Maharashtra.
He completed his schooling from Vikas vidya mandir, chinchwad and did his graduation in Arts from Pune University.
He is married to Komal Choudhary and they have two children, Shree, Vedant.
He started his career with the Marathi play 'Makdach Lagn' in famous Bal Gandharva Ranga Mandir.
Ramesh started his career in movies by acting in a film Satya directed by Pushkar Jog where he played a role of Dum n duff.
Since then he has acted in many films and television serials.
He has acted in many Marathi TV serials, movies and theatre.
He has also directed some of popular marathi movies.
In 2019 he made his directorial debut with film Babo in 2019 which was a commercial success.
He also acted in it.
The film Babo 2019 was released on 31 May 2019 He has been applauded by many noted professionals.
His noted roles include the role of Pintya in the movie Babo, which was a commecial hit Many songs of this movie become viral ans appreciated by audience.
.
His role of Gotya was also appreciated in the film "Hasa pn dat Ghasa", which was comedy movie.
He also worked as Assistant Director in many marathi films.
The films in which he worked as Assistant Director include Mission Possible which was directed by Pushkar Jog, KuruKshetra directed by Milind Lele, Mala ek chance hava directed by Bal Mohite among others.
Ramesh has also acted in various plays by different theatre groups.
His major plays include Makdach Lagn by theatre group Bal Gandharva Ranga Mandir,Abanchi sabha by theatre group of Ramkrushn More and Wari Via Baari by Bal Gandharva Ranga Mandir.
He has also worked in various television serials.
His major television serials include Ghar sansar on Sahyadri channel which was aired in year 2008 and
Sant Bhagwan Baba on Astha channel which was aired in year 2011.
Elizabeth Alsemgeest
Elizabeth Alsemgeest (born 9 January 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player.
She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
She played for St. Cuthbert's College.
Morgan Mcdowall
Morgan Mcdowall (born 29 March 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player.
She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
Katie McKenty
Katie McKenty (born 30 January 1996) is a New Zealand water polo player.
She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
She played for Hartwick College.
Grace Tobin
Grace Tobin (born 9 June 1997 ) is a New Zealand water polo player.
She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
Carlino (name)
Carlino is an Italian surname from the Milan region.
Notable people using this name include the following:
IRRI railway station
IRRI is a flagstop on the Main Line South of the Philippine National Railways (PNR), located at the front gate of the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) opposite to Pili drive, in the city of Los Baños, Laguna.
2020 NCAA Division I FCS football season
The 2020 NCAA Division I FCS football season, part of college football in the United States, will be organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) at the Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) level.
Presbyterian will play the 2020 season as an FCS independent before joining the non-scholarship FCS Pioneer Football League in 2021; it will remain a full but non-football Big South member.
This is restricted to coaching changes that took place on or after May 1, 2020.
For coaching changes that occurred earlier in 2020, see 2019 NCAA Division I FCS end-of-season coaching changes.
Saša Milenić
Saša Milenić () is a politician in Serbia.
Based in Kragujevac, he was for many years an ally of mayor Veroljub Stevanović and a member of the Together for Šumadija ("Zajedno za Šumadiju") party.
He served in the National Assembly of Serbia for most of the period from 2008 to 2014.
Milenić is now a member of the Movement of Free Citizens ("Pokret slobodnih građana", PSG) and the leader of the "Šumadijske regije", which holds collective membership in the PSG.
Milenić was born in Foča, in what was then the Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
He is a graduate of the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy and a teacher at First Kragujevac High School.
He has published four books of poetry and essays.
Milenić became politically active in 1996 as a member of the "Zajedno" (Together) coalition, a shaky alliance of several political parties opposed to Slobodan Milošević's administration.
Although the "Zajendo" name ceased to be used in most municipalities after 1997, it continued to be the name of Stevanović's local political movement for several years thereafter; Milenić was a prominent member of this organization.
At the republic level, both Milenić and Stevanović were initially members of the Serbian Renewal Movement ("Srpski pokret obnove", SPO).
Milenić appeared on the SPO's electoral list in the 2000 Serbian parliamentary election; the list did not cross the threshold to win representation in the assembly.
The SPO formed an alliance with New Serbia ("Nova Srbija", NS) for the 2003 Serbian parliamentary election, and Milenić appeared in the thirty-eighth position on their list, which won twenty-two mandates.
From 2000 to 2011, parliamentary mandates in Serbia were awarded at the discretion of the sponsoring parties, and it was common practice for seats to be awarded out of numerical order; the SPO could have selected Milenić for a seat in parliament, but it did not.
Following local elections in 2004, he became deputy mayor of Kragujevac, a position he held for the next four years.
The SPO subsequently split in 2005, and Milenić joined a breakaway group called the Serbian Democratic Renewal Movement ("Srpski Demokratski Pokret Obnove", SDPO).
The party contested the 2007 Serbian parliamentary election on a list led by New Serbia and the Democratic Party of Serbia ("Demokratska stranka Srbije", DSS).
Milenić was included on the list, which won forty-seven seats.
He was again not selected for a mandate.
Stevanović and Milenić affiliated with the G17 Plus alliance after the 2007 election.
This alliance participated in the 2008 Serbian parliamentary election as part of the For a European Serbia list led by the Democratic Party ("Demokratska stranka", DS).
The list won 102 mandates, and both Stevanović and Milenić were selected as representatives.
The DS and its allies formed a coalition government after the election, and Stevanović and Milenić served in the assembly as supporters of the ministry.
Both resigned in September 2011, due to a determination that changes in Serbian law had made their executive functions at the municipal level incompatible with serving in the legislature.
G17 Plus and Together for Šumadija subsequently joined the United Regions of Serbia ("Ujedinjeni regioni Srbije", URS), an alliance which contested the 2012 Serbian parliamentary election on its own list.
After Serbia's 2011 electoral reforms, parliamentary mandates were awarded in numerical order to candidates on successful lists.
Milenić received the tenth position on the URS list and was duly re-elected when the party won sixteen mandates.
After the election, the URS initially participated in a new coalition government led by the Serbian Progressive Party and the Socialist Party of Serbia; in 2013, however, it moved into opposition.
In the same year, the various constituent groups of the URS (including G17 Plus and Together for Šumadija) merged into a single united party.
Milenić was a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) from 21 January 2013 to 22 May 2014.
He also served two terms as president (i.e., speaker) of the Kragujevac assembly between 2008 and 2014; his second term in office, lasting from 2012 to 2014, ended when the Serbian Progressive Party and its allies formed a new local administration.
Milenić was promoted to the second position on the URS's list in the 2014 Serbian parliamentary election, but the list did not cross the threshold to win representation in the assembly.
The URS subsequently dissolved, and Together for Šumadija was re-established at the local level.
For the 2016 Serbian parliamentary election, Together for Šumadija joined a coalition led by the DS.
Milenić received the twenty-sixth position and was not returned when the list won sixteen seats.
Milenić left Together for Šumadija in 2017, saying that it had not existed as a functional political organization for some time.
He joined the Movement of Free Citizens on that party's founding in the same year.
In August 2019, he argued that the PSG's decision on boycotting the next Serbian parliamentary election should be made openly by the entire party rather than by its leadership alone.
Kaitlyn Howarth
Kaitlyn Howarth (born 9 January 2002) is a New Zealand water polo player.
She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
She played for Rangitoto College.
Kamil Chadirji
Kamil Chadirji (1897–1968, ), also spelled Kamil al-Chadirji or Kamel al-Chaderji, was an Iraqi politician, photographer, lawyer, activist, and founder of the National Democratic Party in Iraq.
He served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Iraq in the 1920s and 1950s.
He was the father of Rifat Chadirji.
Chadirji was born in Baghdad to its mayor.
His family was a part of the aristocracy, with roots in Anatolia.
Chaderji's father played an important role in democratic reform before British rule.
During the First World War, he served in the Ottoman Army.
When the British took over Iraq as Mandatory Iraq, Chadirji's family escaped to Istanbul, with Chadirji himself enrolling in the medical school there.
He never graduated, and instead returned to Baghdad in 1922, following the establishment of the Kingdom of Iraq.
He earned a law degree in 1925 and worked for the Municipality of Baghdad as well as for the Department of Finance, working in education.
In 1925, Chadirji's reformist ideas drew him to the newly-formed People's Party (Hizb al-Shab), which he joined.
He joined the Ahali group, and was elected to parliament in 1927, becoming the minister of works from 1936 to 1937 under Bakr Sidqi and Hikmat Sulayman's government, resigning in protest against army interference in the government.
In 1930, Chadirji, as a member of the National Party (also known as the Ahali group), worked together with Rashid Ali, Hikmat Sulayman and Yasin al-Hashimi, the leaders of the newly-created National Fraternity Party (Hizb al-Ikha al-Watani).
The National Party and the National Fraternity Party issued the Coalition "Fraternal" Communique on November 23, 1930.
The party was not much of an organized and legitimate political party, instead serving as an opposition from powerful Iraqi political figures to the British.
Its ideals were "Immediate independence for Iraq, the evacuation of British troops, and the development of a democratic and participatory Iraqi state," and they pushed their message through their Baghdad newspaper, "al-Bilad" (The Country).
In 1946, Chadirji, along with other left-wing "intelligentsia" types of the landed urban bourgeoisie (the dominant tendency in these isolated urban middle and upper-class communities) organized themselves into the National Democratic Party.
Previously, Chadirji and his group, made of Ahali reformists, had joined the Comintern in 1935 at the Seventh Comintern Congress in Moscow.
Chadirji was moderately anti-Zionist and advocated for strengthening the Arab League.
In 1937, while serving as Economic Minister under the government of Hikmat Sulayman, Chadirji held talks with Zionist emissaries.
He expressed his sympathies to the Zionist movement and his desire to reach a cooperative agreement for them.
However, with the Palestinian question becoming important in Iraq towards the mid-1940s, the NDP increased its Palestine-related activity.
In 1946, the Ahali Group's newspaper "Sawt al-Ahali" published editorials against the partition of Palestine and the creation of Israel.
The NDP and other parties (including Jews), especially the Iraqi Independence Party, created the Committee for the Defense of Palestine, which organized protests in front of the American and British embassies, as well as calling for a general strike in May 1946 against Western pressure on Palestine.
When the Arab-Israeli War started in 1948, Chadirji wrote and published a front-page editorial for "Sawt al-Ahali" titled "Palestine", which called for Arab countries to come together to defend Palestine.
The NDP suspended their activities voluntarily in 1948, but resumed in 1950.
Due to Chadirji's will to redistribute income and achieve a more political society, he was imprisoned 2 times in the 1950s.
He was sympathetic to pan-Arab ideas.
"Sawt al-Ahali" also served as an opposition mouthpiece.
In 1949, Prime Minister Nuri al-Said had had enough of "Sawt al-Ahali" and its attacks, so he filed a court case against Chadirji.
Chadirji arrived at the courthouse accompanied by 21 defense lawyers.
Inside the court, he lectured the prosecution and the judge on democratic values.
The proceedings were published in "Sawt al-Ahali", and Chadirji was sentenced to 6 months of hard labor.
However, the defense appealed the court ruling, and it was taken back by the court.
The NDP helped organized demonstrations in 1948 against the Anglo-Iraqi Treaty (also known as the "Portsmouth Treaty").
On January 21, the Regent of Iraq called the leaders of the parties involved in the protests to a meeting at the palace.
Chadirji explained that the people of Iraq wanted the new, finished constitution to be implemented, and additionally demanded the full freedoms "of the press, association and opinion... and you in your capacity as the defender of the constitution must penalize the government when it behaves [anti-democratically]."
In 1949, Syrian foreign minister Nazim al-Kudsi informed other Arab countries of Syria's desire for federation.
Chadirji was skeptical of this proposal, and, as he states in his memoirs, many members of the Iraqi opposition hoped for a collapse of the talks would strengthen Nuri al-Said and the Sharifian elites.
After the war, Chadirji focused on trying to unite parties into a grand coalition to oppose the monarchy's authoritarianism.
Seeing as the Al-Wathbah uprising of 1948 and the Iraqi Intifada of 1952 had failed, he realized that one party was not enough to bring about sufficient change.
His efforts ended in the creation of the "National Electoral Front" ("al-Jabha al-Intikhabiya al-Wataniya"), consisting of the NDP, the Iraqi Communist Party, and other parties (only 2 groups in the National Front were legal parties), which contested the June 1954 elections, winning 10 out of 135 seats.
Chadirji continued to push his anti-British ideals.
In August 1958, he met British Oriental Counselor Samuel Falle, and told him about the Arab perspective of events in the Middle East.
Chadirji talked about the inclination of Arab countries to the Soviet Union, their suspicion at American troops in Lebanon, and their perceived threat of British forces in Jordan.
He recommended that Britain withdraw from Jordan and allow a plebiscite to happen to decide its fate.
However, this talk worked largely in the opposite direction.
Following Abd al-Karim Qasim's 14 July Revolution in 1958, the Iraqi monarchy was abolished.
Chadirji was supportive of the revolution.
The new regime pushed a message of authority and national legitimacy.
The NDP chose to align more with the Communists rather than the pan-Arab parties to the right, even though the NDP was a bourgeois party and the ICP represented the working class.
After the Revolution, they formed an immediate alliance with the Communists, but a stable coalition was not achieved, as the alliance came under constant attacks from Ba'athists and Nasserists.
The NDP was weakened first, and then the ICP.
Chadirji disliked Qasim's politics – he believed that Qasim had no real political convictions, and likened him to a rope-dancer, who would "swing from one ideology to another to remain in power" just like a rope-dancer would swing from side to side to remain balanced.
In 1963, Chadirji, with the NDP now dissolved, sent a memorandum to Iraqi Field Marshal Abdel-Salam Aref, calling for democracy in Iraq.
On February 2, 1968, Chadirji died at the age of 71 from a heart attack.
At about the same time, the NDP called for the signing of a "revolutionary covenant" to oppose the Ba'ath regime and create a popular democratic one.
Alla Gryaznova
Alla Georgievna Gryaznova (born November 27, 1937, Moscow, Soviet Union) is a Russian economist, full Ph.D. in Economics, a rector of Financial University under the Government of the Russian Federation (1985–2006).
In 2006 she became President of Financial University under the Government of the Russian Federation.
Alla Georgievna was born in Moscow in 1937.
Her mother worked as an accountant, and her father was a driver.
She has three younger siblings.
In 1955, she graduated from the Moscow Finance College.
Then, in 1959, she graduated from the Moscow Financial Institute.
From 1961 to 1964 she attended graduate school at the university.
From 1964 she served as Assistant, Department of Political Economy, Moscow Financial Institute.
In 1969 she became Senior Lecturer, Associate Professor at the Department of Political Economy.
In 1976 she became full Ph.D. in Economics.
From 1976 to 1985 she served as Vice-Rector for Research and International Relations.
From 1985 to 2006 she served as Rector of the Financial Academy.
Since 2006 she has been President of the Financial Academy (later Financial University under the Government of the Russian Federation).
Gryaznova made a significant contribution to the development of the theoretical foundations of many applied subjects, such as banking, economic analysis, auditing, accounting, and insurance.
Gryaznova initiated and led the process of developing of the concept of education in the field of finance and banking in Russia until 2010.
She headed the Academic council of the Financial Academy and served as chair of dissertation councils for defending candidate and doctoral dissertations in economic sciences.
Gryaznova is a major specialist in the field of economic sciences, the author of more than 300 scientific papers, monographs, textbooks and articles.
Her three-volume monograph “Banking system of Russia.
Banker's Handbook” was awarded the Prize of the President of the Russian Federation.
Alla Gryaznova is a prominent scientific and public figure in Russia.
She is the Deputy Chairman of the Higher Attestation Commission of the Ministry of Education of the Russian Federation, Vice-President of the Academy of Management and Market, Member of the Association of Banks of Russia, Member of the International Fiscal Association, Member of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) inter-governmental forum.
Jo Heng
Jo Heng (19609 January 2020), also known as Xing Zenghua, was a Singaporean lyricist.
She died from lymphoma, a type of blood cancer, on 9 January 2020 at the age of 59.
Heng studied in Bukit Panjang Government High School and Thomson Secondary School and was good at Chinese composition.
She worked in factories before joining Xin He Magazine.
She liked to read novels by Chinese writer Lu Xun and the works of Taiwanese writer San Mao.
She also listened to the songs of Taiwanese singers Fong Fei-fei and Lo Ta-yu.
A pioneer in the Xinyao scene, Heng is widely known for penning songs for Jacky Cheung's "A Thousand Sad Reasons" and Eric Moo's "You Are My Only One" for which she won at the Composers and Authors Society of Singapore (Compass) in 1997 and the Sing Music Awards in 1989, respectively.
She also wrote the lyrics for Andy Lau's "The Path Winds Through High Peaks" which was released in 1994.
As one of the pioneers, she was also featured in the 2015 documentary "The Songs We Sang" about Xinyao for which she also wrote the theme song.
List of Macarthur FC players
Macarthur FC is an Australian professional football club located in Campbelltown, New South Wales.
The club was founded in 2017 and was accepted into the A-League in 2018.
They will begin playing in 2020.
They will play their home games at Campbelltown Stadium.
"Statistics correct as of 15 January 2020"
Lower Bari Doab Canal
Lower Bari Doab Canal was commissioned in 1914, off-taking from Balloki Barrage whereas the barrage itself was constructed in 1911-13.
The canal was remodeled in 1985-88 and then again in 2014-18.
The canal was formally inaugurated by Governor of the Punjab Sir William Malcolm Hailey on 12 April 1912.
Subsidiary canal off-taking from the main canal were designed by Sir Ganga Ram to irrigate his 50,000 acres of land in Sahiwal district of the Punjab.
Sir Ganga Ram incidentally also built a power station on the main canal near the town of Renala Khurd in 1925.
The power station had 5 generators delivering a total of 1.1 mega watt electricity.
The canal has been rehabilitated as part of a mega project funded by the Asian Development Fund and implemented by the Lower Bari Doab Canal Improvement Project of the Punjab Irrigation Department in 2014-18.
The 201 km long canal along with 2,264 km of distribution channels irrigates 700,000 hectares of land of Okara, Pakpattan, Sahiwal and Khanewal districts.
The remodeling project also enhanced the flood management of the Balloki Barrage from 2,25,000 cusecs to 2,60,000 cusecs.
Odebrecht–Car Wash leniency agreement
The Odebrecht–Car Wash leniency agreement, also known in Brazil as the "end of the world plea deal" (), was the leniency agreement signed between Odebrecht S.A. and the Public Prosecutor's Office (PGR) in December 2016, as part of Operation Car Wash.
The agreement provided for the deposition of 78 executives of the contractor, including the former president Marcelo Odebrecht, and his father, , which generated 83 inquests at the Supreme Federal Court (STF).
In March 2017, Attorney General Rodrigo Janot asked the Supreme Tribunal to withdraw the secrecy of the depositions.
The following month, on 11 April, STF Minister Edson Fachin accepted the request of the A-G and withdrew the secrecy of investigations.
On 12 April, federal judge Sérgio Moro followed the same line as the Supreme Tribunal and withdrew the secrecy of denunciations involving people without "" status from the jurisdiction of judges of first instance.
Moro said in his order, "The judiciary should not be the guardian of shadowy secrets.
Moreover, publicity prevents unlawful, regrettable leaks, which are difficult to control".
According to the lead prosecutor of Operation Car Wash, Deltan Dallagnol, the leniency agreement provided the "greatest payback in world history".
Odebrecht and Braskem pleaded guilty and would pay fines of 3.5 billion dollars, the equivalent of 12 billion reals, 80 per cent of which would go to Brazil.
In 2018, the STF took from Lava Jato the so-called End of the World denunciation and then sent most of the Electoral Justice with the following results until 2019: of the 415 politicians from 26 parties mentioned, only one convicted.
It generated 270 investigations, but only five of them became criminal proceedings.
The resulted in several , especially in the Americas.</ref>
Caterina Scoglio
Caterina M. Scoglio is an Italian network scientist and computer engineer, the LeRoy and Aileen Paslay Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Kansas State University, the director of the Network Science and Engineering Group in the department, and the former chair of the IEEE Control Systems Society Technical Committee on Medical and Health Care Systems.
Scoglio earned a doctorate from Sapienza University of Rome in 1987.
After working as a researcher at the Fondazione Ugo Bordoni from 1987 to 2000, and at Georgia Tech from 2000 to 2005, she moved to Kansas State in 2005.
She was named Pasley Professor in 2016.
Topics in Scoglio's research include the epidemiology of Ebola and the Zika virus, and applications of network science to the immune systems of mosquitos.
Xenobot
Xenobots, named after the African clawed frog ("Xenopus laevis"), are self-healing microbots that are designed and programmed by a computer (an evolutionary algorithm) and built from the ground up using biological cells.
A xenobot is a biological machine under
They are made of skin cells and heart cells, stem cells harvested from frog embryos.
University of Vermont & Tufts University scientists have created this living machine that one day might safely deliver drugs inside the human body—and pave the way for understanding how to form organs for regenerative medicine.
Xenobots can walk and swim, survive for weeks without food and work together in groups, can heal on their own and keep working.
Xenobots could potentially be used to clean radioactive wastes, collect microplastics in the oceans, carry medicine into human bodies or travel to human arteries to remove plaque.
Xenobots can survive in aqueous environments without additional nutrients for weeks, thus making them suitable for internal administration of medicines.
Naa Style Veru
Naa Style Veru (English: My style is different) is a 2009 Telugu-language film directed by G Shyam Prasad.
The film stars Rajasekhar and Bhumika in the lead roles.
The film is a remake of "Hallo".
Soundtrack was composed by Anup Rubens.
The film's name was criticized upon release as it had no correlation to the film.
A car that was used in the film was showcased at Gokul Theatre in Viag.
The "Full Hyderabad" wrote that "If you're still watching Naa Style Veru, let the newspapers and TV channels know - you just might get invited to a panel discussion or something".
Scoglio
Scoglio is an Italian surname, meaning a rock or shoal.
Notable people with this name include:
List of Mock the Week panellists
Mock the Week is a panel show that airs on BBC Two.
Hosted by Dara Ó Briain, the show features a series of rounds where panellists satirise current events.
The show features two teams of three, composed of permanent panellists and guest performers, although some series have featured more guests than others.
18 series of the show have aired to date.
The table below does not include the 2011 Comic Relief special or any compilation episodes.
Jacob Haafner
Jacob Gotfried Haafner (Halle, 13 May 1754 – Amsterdam, 4 September 1809) was a German-Dutch travel writer who lived in and wrote extensively on India and Sri Lanka.
His travelogues were noted for their Romantic undertones, lively descriptions of Indian cultures and peoples, as well as criticisms of European colonialism, slavery, and cultural domination.
In 1805, Haafner entered the annual essay contest organized by Teylers Eerste Genootschap (English: Teylers Theological Society).
His anti-colonialist, counter-missionary treatise, titled "Onderzoek naar het nut der zendelingen en zendelings-genootschappen" (English: "Examination of the usefulness of missionaries and missionary societies"), was selected as winner and published in 1807 amidst public consternation.
Jacob Gotfried Haafner was born in Halle, Germany on 13 May 1754 to a French father and a German mother.
The family moved to Emden in northwest Germany where Jacob's father, Matthias, worked as a ship's surgeon for the Emden Company, then to Amsterdam in 1763, when he joined the Dutch East India Company.
Shortly before arriving in Cape Town on a trip to Asia in 1766, however, Matthias Haffner died, leaving 12-year-old Jacob in the care of a foster family in the Cape Colony.
In 1768, Jacob Haafner enlisted as a cabin boy on a ship bound for Batavia (modern Jakarta, then capital of the Dutch East Indies).
There, he worked as a tutor to the children of a high-ranking VOC official.
In 1770, he returned to Amsterdam and became an apprentice to painter and engraver Reinier Vinkeles.
In June 1771, Haafner enlisted as a VOC servant and departed for Nagapattinam, the capital of Dutch Coromandel from 1660 to 1781.
Tired of the sailor's life, he settled in the town and worked in the factory as an assistant bookkeeper from 1773 to 1778, learning Tamil and conducting private trade on the side.
In 1779, he was appointed as secretary-bookkeeper to a branch office in Sadraspatnam.
During the Fourth Anglo-Dutch War (1780-1784), he was taken prisoner and held in Madras, where he witnessed the struggle between the British army and Hyder Ali, the Sultan and "de facto" ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore, and the famine that crippled the city in 1782.
Released at the end of the year, he arrived at Ceylon (present-day Sri Lanka) in early 1783.
From June to September, he embarked on a hiking tour of the island from Jaffnapatnam to Colombo, then left for Calcutta in West Bengal.
At the centre of British colonial administration, he found work as a bookkeeper to the former Governor of Benares, Joseph Fowke.
Having developed a profound interest in Indian culture and studied a variety of Indian languages (Tamil, Urdu, Hindi, Telugu, and Sanskrit), he became acquainted with The Asiatic Society, founded in 1784 by Sir William Jones.
In 1786, he traveled southwards along the Coromandel coast through Tamil Nadu and Orissa, covering more than 600 miles by palanquin.
From January to September, he visited shrines and temples, making drawings of ancient monuments such as the temple ruins at Mammallapuram, which he called "one of the most beautiful and largest palaces of [his] time" and compared with the "miracles of Egypt".
The result of this journey is described in "Reize in eenen Palanquin" (English: "Travels in a palanquin"), a narrative work of 2 volumes on the Indian landscape, people, religious customs, and ancient architecture.
To a certain extent, the writer idealized the subcontinent while criticizing the English, among others, for causing havoc and suffering among the local population: "Rascals, squanderers, criminals, bankrupts, and other bad people, every one runs to the Indies, to oppress the poor Indians, to plunder them, and to kill them."
The tragic death of Mamia, a temple dancer with whom Haafner had fallen in love, ended his journey.
He departed shortly afterwards, traveling via Mauritius, South Africa, France, and Germany, back to Amsterdam in 1790.
Upon his return to Europe, Haafner invested his fortune in French bonds, which became almost worthless after the Revolution.
To provide for his family, he opened a pipe shop.
In 1796, he applied unsuccessfully for a job with the directors of the Dutch East India Company.
His travel stories were published between 1806 and 1821, of which three were published posthumously by his eldest son, Christian Mathias.
Together, the five travelogues constituted an autobiography:
They were translated into German (1806, 1809, and 1816), French (1811), Swedish (1811), English (1821), and Danish (1821).
In a French publisher's note, Haafner was lauded as an "original thinker" with a "brilliant and spirited" writing style; an English reviewer wrote: "There is an air of sprightliness about Mr. Haafner, which certainly belies the place of his nativity."
In addition, Haafner worked on a translation of the Sanskrit epic, "Ramayana", which was eventually published in Amsterdam in 1823.
In 1805, Haafner entered the annual essay contest organized by Teylers Eerste Genootschap (English: "Teyler's First Society"), also known as the "Godgeleerd Genootschap" ("Theological Society"), for a cash prize to the question: What has been the use of missionary work in the overseas world in the past and what could possibly be done to improve this work in the future?
In his submission, titled "Onderzoek naar het nut der zendelingen en zendelings-genootschappen" (English: Examination of the usefulness of missionaries and missionary societies), Haafner condemned the behavior of missionaries in the colonies and argued for the complete withdrawal of all imperial powers, citing Voltaire, Rousseau, Bartolomé de las Casas, Bartholomäus Ziegenbalg, Pierre François Xavier de Charlevoix, and Thomas Gage.
The essay, eventually published as the contest's winner, prompted heated debates in Dutch missionary circles.
Detractors accused Haafner of relying upon inadequate historical knowledge and false conceptions, and of moral corruption.
Saúl Romero
Saúl Zamora Romero (born 26 March 2003) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Club León.
Pavel Kutaisov
Count Pavel Ivanovich Kutaisov (Russian:Павел Иванович Кутайсов; 25 November 1780, Saint Petersburg - 9 March 1840, Tambov) — was a Russian Imperial Chamberlain and Steward.
He also served as Chairman of the Imperial Society for the Encouragement of the Arts and was a member of the State Council.
His father, , was the favorite valet of Tsar Paul I and was probably of Georgian origin.
At the age of seven, he was enlisted in the Life Guard Horse Regiment.
By 1796, when he was sixteen, he had already advanced to an important rank, but was not as committed to a military career as other members of his family.
At the request of his father, Admiral Alexander Shishkov took him under his wing for a short tour of Europe, but this apparently did not work out well.
Many of his contemporaries; notably Alexander Bulgakov, spoke poorly of him.
His career was advanced considerably when the Tsar took Anna Lopukhina as a mistress and his father was able to arrange a marriage to Anna's sister, Praskovya (1784-1870).
Although they had five children, he was widely believed to be homosexual.
In 1800, he was named an Imperial Chamberlain.
Upon the accession of Alexander I, he was transferred to the Collegium of Foreign Affairs, where he served until 1809, when he was named a Prosecutor for the Governing Senate.
During the French Invasion of Russia, he led the evacuation of the Senate to Kazan and was awarded a gold snuff box for his efforts.
In 1816, he received a promotion to Privy Councillor and, in 1817, became a member of the Senate.
He also served on various commissions, including oversight of the construction of Saint Isaac's Cathedral and directing operations for the Imperial theaters.
In 1826, he was appointed to the Supreme Criminal Court charged with prosecuting the Decembrists.
In 1832, he became an Imperial Steward.
After receiving two more promotions, he was stripped of his ranks, following the disastrous Fire in the Winter Palace.
In addition to his governmental duties, he served as Chairman of the Imperial Society for the Encouragement of the Arts and was known as a patron of young artists.
In 1835, he accompanied Mikhail Scotti on a study trip to Italy, and provided a workshop for the brothers Grigory and Nikanor Chernetsov.
His daughter, Anna, married Prince Okropir of Georgia.
Although never officially separated, from the mid 1830s Praskovya spent most of her time abroad.
In 1840, he retired to his estate in Tambov, to organize his affairs, and died there.
Pitt Clubs
Pitt Clubs were private members clubs formed in Great Britain in the 18th and 19th century to memorialise William Pitt the Younger (1759 – 1806).
Although the London Pitt Club was formed in 1793, it was only after the death of Pitt that more "country" Pitt clubs were established outside London.
The London Pitt Club was formed in 1793 by Nathaniel Atcheson with a view to counteract the radical ideas of the French Revolution.
Originally the club met on the birthdays of George III and his Queen Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz Following Pitt's resignation in 1801 they also celebrated Pitt's birthday on 28 May.
Following his death, the London club was relaunched in 1808.
Other Pitt Clubs were formed in at least 45 towns.
The University Pitt Club, founded in Cambridge in 1835 soon became a purely social club.
Walter Sylvester
Walter Sylvester (18 December 1867 – 30 October 1944) was an English inventor, known for the "Sylvester", a device for safely removing pit props in mines.
Sylvester was born in 1867 in Newbold, Derbyshire; his father was a coal miner.
The family later moved to Fegg Hayes in north Staffordshire, and Walter was a clerk at Chatterley Whitfield colliery.
In 1895 he patented a device (Patent no.
9396, dated 13 May 1895) for the safe removal of pit props from tunnels in mines.
During longwall mining, wooden pit props were recovered for re-use as the coal face moved forward; this was done by knocking them out with a hammer, which was a hazardous operation.
Using Sylvester's device, the prop could be removed from a place of safety.
The invention consisted of a "sword", box, chain and handle: the box held a ratchet, by which the "sword" (a toothed rack) was pulled in one direction.
The chain, attached to the sword, was fixed to the pit prop.
It was known locally in north Staffordshire as a "Walter".
It became widely used in mining; as well as for removing props, it was used for pulling derailed wagons back onto tracks.
In 1911 it was made mandatory to use them in coal mines in Britain.
Sylvester left his job at Chatterley Whitfield and manufactured the device; he had a workshop in Tunstall, Staffordshire.
He designed and manufactured other inventions, mostly for use in mining, and he continued to patent his devices into the 1940s.
Inventions included haulage clips, chain couplings, roof supports, brackets for pit props, and collapsible pit props.
Sylvester died in 1944, and was buried in Tunstall cemetery.
He was survived by his wife Agnes "née" Worthington, whom he married in 1900, and by their son and three daughters.
The Sylvester device was eventually banned by the Coal Board in 1978, as modern techniques made it unnecessary, and it could be dangerous if used improperly.
In 2010, 100 years after the Federation of Stoke-on-Trent, a plaque was unveiled at the Norton Gateway Memorial at Norton le Moors, in recognition of Walter Sylvester.
Md.
Shakhawat Hossain
Md.
Shakhawat Hossain, better known as Maulana Shakhawat, is a Bangladeshi politician.
He represented the Jessore-6 constituency as a Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami and a Bangladesh Nationalist Party member in the 5th and 6th Jatiya Sangsad respectively.
He later served as the Presidium Member of Jatiya Party.
In August 2016, International Crimes Tribunal sentenced Hossain to death penalty for war crimes.
He was convicted of killing two persons, raping one and torturing two others in Keshabpur Upazila of Jessore District during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971.
Hossain was a central committee member of Islami Chhatra Sangha, the student wing of Jamaat-e-Islami party and a commander of Pakistan Army's auxiliary Razakar force at Chingra Bazar camp during the 1971 war.
He joined Al-Badr, a paramilitary force, when it was formed.
Hossain was accused of acting as a local commander of a group that aided Pakistani soldiers.
The prosecution’s probe agency began investigating in February 2012.
Hossain was arrested from his residence at Uttarkhan in Dhaka on 29 November 2014.
In July 2015, the prosecution pressed five charges against 12 persons including Hossain for their alleged crimes against humanity.
The five charges include killing two persons, raping one and torturing two others.
The charges were accepted by the special court in September 2015.
The conviction was delivered in August 2016.
Charlotte Hovring
Charlotte Hovring (born September 3, 1979 in Bærum, Norway) is a Norwegian curler.
She participated in the 2006 Winter Olympics, where the Norwegian team finished in fourth place.
East Midlands (disambiguation)
The East Midlands is a region in central England.
East Midlands may also refer to several other things in, or associated with, the English region:
Costume Designers Guild Awards 2019
The 22nd Costume Designers Guild Awards, honoring the best costume designs in film, television, and media for 2019, is set to take place on January 28, 2020.
The nominees were announced on December 10, 2019.
Outhentic
The band consists of Zhivko Vasilev (kaval, piano), Rayna Vasileva (lead vocal, percussions), Borislav Iliev (guitar, tamboura), Stoil Ivanov (drums).
Ethno-Jazz Band Outhentic was formed in 2012.
It was founded by Zhivko Vasilev (kaval, piano) and
Rayna Vasileva (vocal, percussion), along with the first guitarist of the band Viktor Dzhorgov.
In 2018,
Borislav Iliev (guitar) and Stoil Ivanov (drums), became part of the band.
Outhentic is a combination of the words: “out” and “authentic”, which is in the meaning of “out of the
authentic” and it is a reference to their individual style.
In 2013 the band released their first single--"Maika Kalina, dumashe", which received the Award of Bulgarian National Radio, for the best song of the month in June 2013.
In 2017, they released their debut album-"YesToday".
In 2019 they released their second album -"Transparent"
The band took part in the twelfth edition of the “European Night of Museums” in 2016.
In 2017 Outhentic also played at one of the biggest festivals in the world - Glastonbury Festival (UK)
The band has collaborated with many musicians including the likes of Juan Garcia-Herreros, Stoyan Yankoulov etc.
David Clarence Gibboney
David Clarence Gibboney (1868-1920) was the secretary of the Law and Order Society in Philadelphia in the United States since 1890.
He was described by Rudolph Blankenburg as one of the leading men in the city and responsible for the arrest of thousands of brothel-keepers, "white slavers", and people breaking gambling and liquor laws.
Xi'an University of Technology
Xi'an University of Technology (; abbreviated XUT) is a comprehensive public university located in Xi'an, Shaanxi, China.
As of February 2019, the university has 3 campuses, a combined student body of 18,000 students and 1,672 faculty members.
The university consists of 16 faculties and 1 department.
At present, the university has 32 national and provincial key scientific research bases, including 1 National Key Laboratory, 1 National Engineering Research Center, 2 Key Laboratories of the Ministry of education, 1 Engineering Research Center of the Ministry of Education, 1 Promotion Center of the Ministry of Science and Technology, and 1 Key Laboratory of the National Forestry and Grassland Administration.
The school traces its origins to the former Beijing Institute of Machinery () and Shaanxi University of Technology (), founded in 1949 and 1960, respectively, and would later become Shaanxi Institute of Machinery () in 1972.
In January 1994, Shaanxi Institute of Machinery was officially renamed Xi'an University of Technology, which is still used today.
In 2002, Xi'an Instrument Industry School () was merged into the university.
As of May 2015, the library has collected more than 1.88 million volumes of paper documents, about 3.29 million volumes of electronic documents, more than 2,300 kinds of paper-based Chinese and foreign journals, and more than 10,000 kinds of full-text electronic journals.
Ancheli railway station
Ancheli railway station is a small railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India.
Ancheli railway station is 12 km away from Navsari railway station.
Passenger and MEMU trains halt here.
1984 World Cup (men's golf)
The 1984 World Cup took place 14–18 November at the Olgiata Golf Club, located 15 miles north of Rome, Italy.
It was the 31st World Cup event.
The tournament was a stroke play team event with 33 teams and was shortened from 72 holes to 54 holes, since the first day of play was cancelled, two hours after it started, due to heavy rain.
Each team consisted of two players from a country.
The combined score of each team determined the team results.
The Spain team of José María Cañizares and José Rivero won by eight strokes over the Taiwan team of Chen Tse-chung and Hsieh Min-nan.
It was the fourth Spanish victory in the last eight World Cup tournaments.
The individual competition for The International Trophy, was won by Cañizares two strokes ahead of Gordon Brand Jnr, Scotland.
Three players also competed as individuals: Roberto De Vicenzo of Argentina, Mohammed Said Mussa of Egypt, and John Jacobs of the United States.
Team
International Trophy
Sources:
Claude Bouchiat
Claude Bouchiat, born May 16, 1932, is a French physicist, member of the French Academy of sciences.
Graduate of the École Polytechnique in 1955, he was director of research at the CNRS in the theoretical physics laboratory of the École Normale Supérieure from 1971 to 2003.
He became honorary research director as of this year.
His wife Marie-Anne Bouchiat, a physicist, and their daughter Hélène Bouchiat, also a physicist, are both members of the French Academy of sciences.
1980: Elected correspondant of the French Academy of sciences in the Physics section
1983: Prix Ampère de l’Électricité de France by the French Academy of sciences
1990: Prize of the three physicists by the École normale supérieure de Paris
Josep M. Armengol
Josep María Armengol Carrera (Barcelona, 4 July 1977) is a Spanish literary scholar and researcher in the field of gender and masculinity studies.
BA and PhD in English from the University of Barcelona (2006), having authored the first doctoral thesis in Spain on cultural and literary representations of masculinity.
In 2007 he moved to the Center for the Study of Men and Masculinities at Stony Brook University, USA, where he carried out his postdoctoral research together with Dr. Michael Kimmel.
Subsequently, he moved to the Universidad de Castilla-La Mancha, working as of 2012 as Associate Professor (accredited as Full Professor in 2018) in gender studies and American literature.
As part of his work on literary representations of African-American masculinities, he argued the centrality of race to James Baldwin's Giovanni’s Room, which had been traditionally studied as a book on homosexuality rather than ethnicity.
Besides being a postdoctoral fellow of the Fulbright-SAAS program in the USA (2016), in 2018 he became the Principal Investigator of the MASCAGE project, focused on representations of masculinity and aging in contemporary European literatures and cinemas, and funded by the Gendernet-Plus Era-Net Co-fund program of the European Union.
Armengol is also Editor of the international journal Men and Masculinities as well as the "Masculinity Studies" series Editor at Peter Lang publishing.
He is also cited as one of the fundamental experts in the study of "Hegemonic Masculinity" and "alternative" masculinities.
His research has been published in international journals such as Signs, Journal of Gender Studies, Men and Masculinities and MELUS, among others.
In addition to editing volumes such as Debating Masculinity (2008), Alternative Masculinities for a Changing World (2014) and Masculinities and Literary Studies (2017), he is the author of the monographs Richard Ford and the Fiction of Masculinities, the winner of the “Enrique García Díez” Literary Research Award (Spanish Association for Anglo-American Studies, 2010) and Masculinities in Black and White, the recipient of the Javier Coy Research Award.
(Spanish Association for American Studies, 2014).
Bagwada railway station
Bagwada railway station is a small railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India.
Bagwada railway station is 20 km away from Valsad railway station.
Passenger and MEMU trains halt here.
StreetArtNews
StreetArtNews is an art magazine and online newspapers to represent and promote street and urban art, globally.
It was founded in 2009 by a French art curator, Rom Levy.
StreetArtNews was established in 2009 by Rom Levy, a French art curator.
StreetArtNews showcased the works by several global street and urban artists for one week in June 2016 at the Urban Nation Berlin, in Schöneberg, Berlin, which included artworks by Felipe Pantone, Okuda San Miguel, and Tristan Eaton.
It also curated Dubai Street Museum, a street and urban art to promote artists from all around the world.
It was initiated in 2016 after an approval from UAE's Vice President Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum.
It is the number one online art newspaper according to 2019 report.
Allan Cowburn
The Reverend Allan Cowburn later known as Allan Cowburn-Masters-Smith (16 January 1820 — 8 October 1875) was an English first-class cricketer and clergyman.
The son of William Cowburn, he was born in January 1820 at St Pancras.
He was educated at Winchester College, before going up to Exeter College, Oxford.
While studying at Oxford, Cowburn played three first-class cricket matches for Oxford University in 1841, playing twice against the Marylebone Cricket Club and once against Cambidge University in The University Match.
Playing as a bowler, he took 12 wickets and took a five wicket haul on a single occasion.
After graduating from Oxford, he took holy orders in the Anglican Church.
He was the vicar of Tidenham in Gloucestershire from 1854–62.
He later changed his surname to Cowburn-Masters-Smith.
He died in October 1875 at Meopham, Kent.
His son, William, was also a first-class cricketer.
National Geographic Channel Korea (U.S. TV channel)
National Geographic Channel Korea is a Korean language documentary television channel in the United States operated by Radio Korea Media Group under the license.
Launched on November 18, 2009, the channel broadcasts documentary and factual films and series supplied from the National Geographic Society for most of time, either dubbed or subtitled in Korean.
It also broadcasts South Korean and other Korean language productions in occasion.
Hass refugee camp bombing
The Hass refugee camp bombing was a war crime through an aerial bombardment of a refugee camp in the Syrian opposition-held town of Hass in the Idlib Governorate of Syria.
It was perpetrated on 16 August 2019, during the Syrian Civil War.
The bombing killed 20 civilians, including a pregnant woman, and injured another 52 people.
The refugee camp was located outside the town, eight miles from the nearest front line, and there were no military targets nearby.
Later analysis confirmed that the bombing was perpetrated by a bomber jet of the Russian Federation.
The blast collapsed a row of buildings around the courtyard of the camp.
It was part of a wider Syrian military campaign against Idlib in 2019.
Human Rights Watch released a statement saying that "under international law, deliberate or reckless attacks against civilians and civilian objects committed with criminal intent are war crimes".
France condemned the airstrike on the refugee camp and called for the cessation of hostilities.
2019–20 Florida Atlantic Owls men's basketball team
The 2019–20 Florida Atlantic Owls men's basketball team represent Florida Atlantic University in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Owls, led by 2nd-year head coach Dusty May, play their home games at RoofClaim.com Arena, formerly known as FAU Arena, in Boca Raton, Florida as members of Conference USA.
The Owls finished the 2018–19 season 17–16 overall, 8–10 in C-USA play to finish in a four-way tie for 9th place.
In the C-USA tournament, they were defeated by Louisiana Tech in the first round.
They were invited to the CIT, where they lost to Charleston Southern in the first round.
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Conference USA regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Conference USA Tournament
Source
David J. Smyth
David J. Smyth (26 July 1872 - 4 December 1954) was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1901-02.
He was described by Rudolph Blankenburg as having been dismissed as Director of Public Safety in Philadelphia "for the good of the service".
Gandhi Smriti railway station
Gandhi Smriti railway station is a small railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India.
Gandhi Smriti railway station is 3 km away from Navsari railway station.
Passenger and MEMU trains halt here.
List of members of the United Confederate Veterans
This page contains a list of notable members of the United Confederate Veterans.
Shao Xinyu
Shao Xinyu (; born November 1967) is a Chinese engineer currently serving as Communist Party Secretary of Huazhong University of Science and Technology.
Shao was born in Jingjiang, Jiangsu, in November 1968.
His father Shao Daosheng () is a researcher at the Institute of Sociology, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
He attended Jingjiang High School.
He earned a bachelor's degree in 1986, a master's degree in 1990, and a doctor's degree in 1992, all from Huazhong University of Science and Technology.
He pursued advanced studies in the United States, earning a doctor's degree from the University of Michigan.
He was a research assistant at Ford Motor Company between June 1996 and August 1998.
He joined the mechanics faculty of Huazhong University of Science and Technology in December 1998 and was promoted to dean in October 2002.
In July 2013, he became executive vice-president, a position at department level ().
In December 2017 he was promoted to Communist Party Secretary of the university, a position at vice-ministerial level.
Komodo Armament Eli gun
Eli gun is an Indonesian six-barrel rotary machine gun made by local manufacturer PT.
Komodo Armament Indonesia.
It can be used for various land, air, and sea vehicles.
As a modular system, it is easily adapted to any existing platform.
It uses the 7.62x51 mm NATO ammunition.
The first prototype was unveiled in Indo Defence 2014 Expo & Forum.
The weapon was a result of cooperation between Indonesia and Italy.
Denis Gratias
Denis Gratias, born on 22 September 1947 in Paris (France) is a French scientist, emeritus research director at the CNRS.
His speciality is materials science, in particular crystallography.
Since the discovery of quasicrystals by Dan Shechtman in 1982, he has contributed to their description, notably by developing theoretical models.
He is a correspondent member at the French Academy of Sciences since 1994.
Denis Gratias graduated as a chemical engineer in 1970 at Chimie ParisTech.
In 1978, Denis Gratias defended his PhD thesis at the Structural Metallurgy Laboratory (CNRS-ENSCP), entitled Cristallography of interfaces in homogeneous crystals and developed with Richard Portier a formalism of fast electron diffraction.
He then completed his post-doctoral training at the University of California at Berkeley (USA) where he was interested in the problems of statistical thermodynamics of generalized mean field (Cluster Variation Method).
Back in France, he took up his position at the Centre d'Études de Chimie Métallurgique (CECM), CNRS laboratory in Vitry-sur-Seine (France), but was soon invited by John-Werner Cahn to the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of California at Santa Barbara (USA) to participate in an interdisciplinary collaboration on theoretical physics and materials science.
It was on this occasion that he was confronted with the unresolved problem of the 5th-order diffraction observed in April 1982 by Dan Shechtman.
He contributed to the seminal paper of 1984 announcing the discovery of quasicrystals.
Upon his return, a long period of intense collaboration on crystallography began between the CECM at Vitry and the Centre de physique théorique (CPHT) of the École Polytechnique.
In 2000, Denis Gratias and his wife Marianne Quiquandon moved to Châtillon to the Laboratoire d'étude des microstructures (LEM [archive], a joint ONERA-CNRS laboratory), which he directed until 2009.
Since 2014, he has been CNRS Emeritus Research Director assigned to Chimie ParisTech, at the Institut de Recherche de Chimie Paris (IRCP), within the structural metallurgy team.
Ahmedabad – Mumbai Central Tejas Express
The 82901/82902 Ahmedabad – Mumbai Central Tejas Express is a train between the Ahmedabad - Mumbai route.
It is a semi-high speed, fully air-conditioned train Introduced by Indian Railways connecting Ahmedabad - Mumbai along with six stations named Nadiad, Vadodara Bharuch, Surat, Vapi, and Borivali.
This train is start running from 19th January, 2020.
The fare of the train will be dynamic.
Since it's inauguration, this train is India's second private train after Lucknow - New Delhi Tejas Express, both operated by IRCTC.
For the first time entertainment facilities have been introduced in Indian Railways.
The Ahmedabad – Mumbai Tejas is the first Indian train to have LCD screens for each individual passengers though this facility will be available only in Executive Chair Car.
In the LCD passengers can enjoy Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati movies, listen music as well as Passenger Information System is also available.
Moreover, Passengers ca enjoy on-board free WiFi facilities.
Jianguomen (Xi'an)
Jianguomen is a gate of the historic city wall of Xi'an, China.
The gate was opened in 1939 as one of the temporarily openings for evacuation from Japanese air raid, thus the gate was known as a .
Since the opening is near to an area known as , thus the opening was also known as ().
After the wars and the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, the gate was named "Jianguomen".
The South Road of , was also named after "Jianguo" as Jianguo Road ().
Jianguomen Bridge, completed in 1985, is right in front of the gate.
Joravasan railway station
Joravasan railway station is a small railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India.
Joravasan railway station is 14 km away from Valsad railway station.
Passenger and MEMU trains halt here.
Larry G. Epstein
Larry G. Epstein is a Canadian economist who is currently Professor of Economics at Boston University.
He is a Fellow of the Canadian Economics Association and Econometric Society.
He was also Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada before moving to the United States.
Larry G. Epstein obtained his BSc in Mathematics with honours from the University of Manitoba in 1968, MA in Mathematics from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1970 and PhD in Economics from the University of British Columbia in 1977.
He worked as a research economist at the Department of Manpower and Immigration of Canada from 1971 to 1974 before joining the University of Toronto, where he was Assistant Professor from 1977 to 1980 and Professor from 1983 to 1998.
Epstein moved to University of Rochester in 1998 and held the position of Elmer B. Milliman Professor of Economics until 2007.
He started his current position as Professor of Economics at Boston University in 2007.
Epstein has also served on the Executive Council of the Canadian Economic Association from 1987 to 1990 and has been a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences since 2013.
Epstein's main research areas cover topics in mathematical economics, decision theory and asset pricing.
In addition to his research work, he has also held editorial positions with numerous journals such as "Econometrica", "Journal of Economic Theory" and "Macroeconomic Dynamics".
He received the Canadian Economic Association's John Rae Award for outstanding research in 1994 and was awarded the Econometric Society's Frisch Medal the same year.
Sugoy River
The Sugoy River () is a river in Magadan Oblast, Russian Far East.
It is long, with a drainage basin of .
The river freezes in October and stays frozen until late May or early June.
There are important coal deposits in the Sugoy basin.
The river has its source in the confluence of two small rivers of the Kolyma Highlands at an elevation of and flows roughly westwards in its upper course.
After a sharp bend it flows northwards along the eastern flank of the Omsukchan Range.
North of Omsukchan town the intermontane basin where the river flows is up to wide and includes extensive wetland areas, as well as dense forests.
Finally it joins the right bank of the Kolyma River from its mouth.
The main tributary of the Sugoy is the Khetagchan (Хетагчан) that joins it in its lower course from the right.
Thanabalan Nadarajah (footballer, born 1943)
Thanabalan a/l Nadarajah (born on 1943 in Brickfields, Selangor) was a Malaysian retired football player.
A Certain Kind of Silence
A Certain Kind of Silence (Czech: Tiché doteky) is a 2019 Czech thriller film directed by Michal Hogenauer.
It stars .
Karambeli railway station
Karambeli railway station is a small railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India.
Karambeli railway station is 7 km away from Vapi railway station.
Passenger and MEMU trains halt here.
Dibutyl tartrate
Dibutyl tartrate is a di-ester of tartaric acid and butanol.
It has been used as a chiral oil to separate enantiomers in chromatography.
Another use is in farinographs.
Yet another use is as a plasticizer.
The material is classed as "green" as it is made from natural products, and is biodegradable.
In 1944 the price was 4 shilling per pound.
The dielectric constant of dibutyl tartrate is 9.4
Vladyslav Yemets
Vladyslav Yemets (; born 9 September 1997) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Kolos Kovalivka on loan from Zorya Luhansk.
Yemets is a product of the Kharkiv State College of Physical Culture 1 sportive school.
He began his career in the amatour level, but in a short time was signed by the Ukrainian Premier League side FC Zorya Luhansk.
However he only participated in the games for under 21 team and played on loan in the Ukrainian First League.
In January 2020 he signed his next on loan contract with FC Kolos Kovalivka.
A-League transfers for 2020–21 season
This is a list of Australian football transfers for the 2020–21 A-League.
Only moves featuring at least one A-League club are listed.
Clubs were able to sign players at any time, but many transfers will only officially go through on 1 June because the majority of player contracts finish on 31 May.
All players without a flag are Australian.
Clubs without a flag are clubs participating in the A-League.
Vedchha railway station
Vedchha railway station is a small railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India.
Vedchha railway station is 8 km away from Navsari railway station.
Passenger and MEMU trains halt here.
Cattle Breeding Centre
The Cattle Breeding Centre was a veterinary research centre in the United Kingdom.
The site opened in February 1943 as the Reading Centre for the Artificial Insemination of Dairy Cattle.
It had Shorthorn and Guernsey cattle.
In January 1944 the site produced the world's first calf produced by artificial-insemination, working with the Agricultural Improvement Council.
Another site had been opened at Cambridge in November 1942.
The site closed in 1991.
On Thursday 15 November 1979, the site was visited by President General Suharto of Indonesia; the President had come to power in a coup in 1965, and the visit was attended by protestors from Reading University Amnesty International group.
On Wednesday 29 October 1980, the site was visited by the second President of Botswana, Quett Masire.
The site was demolished by the University of Reading and sold for housing (360 houses) in 2003.
The site was east of the A327, south of the M4, around a half-mile east of the former headquarters of Berkshire County Council.
A short section of the National Cycle Network 50 runs east-west past the former site.
The site worked with artificial insemination (AI) of cattle and pigs.
Filmfest Dresden
Filmfest Dresden ("Dresden Film Festival") is an international short film festival since 1989 based in Dresden, Germany.
The focus of the competition is on short feature films and animated films.
When the Dresden Film Festival was held for the first time before the fall of the Berlin Wall, it was used to present films that were previously banned or rarely shown in the GDR to the public.
After the German reunification, the focus of the festival had to change.
Since DEFA's animation studios were located in Dresden, the decision was made to use the concept of a short and animation festival.
The international competition of the festival has existed since 1992 and 1998, followed by the establishment of its own national competition, in which the €20.000 promotional prize of the Saxon State Minister for Science and Art has been awarded since 2004.
With a total of about €66.000 euros in prize money, the Dresden Film Festival is one of the most valuable short film festivals in Europe.
The award for the best animated and feature films in the competitions is the "Golden Horseman" based on the equestrian statue of the same name.
There are also audience awards, such as the "Golden Horseman" for film sound and the ARTE short film award.
Stephanus Cousius
Stephanus Cousius (16xx-17xx) was a botanical illustrator known for his contribution of 9 plates to Jacob Breyne's 1678 work "Exoticarum aliarumque minus cognitarum plantarum centuria prima" (One hundred best exotic and other lesser known plants).
Ashutosh Ashokrao Kale
Ashutosh Ashokrao Kale is a member of Maharashtra Legislative Assembly from the Kopargaon (Vidhan Sabha constituency) in Maharashtra,India.
He is Chairman of Karmaveer Shankrrao Kale Co-operative sugar factory.
He is well known for his fight for farmer's rights in Kopargaon and Ahmednagar District.
Being a chairman of Karmaveer shankarrao Kale Co-operative sugar factory Ashutosh Kale succeeded to make the factory loss free within 3 years.
Also all the connected organizations are in benefit showing his excellency in management of business.
Ashutosh Kale was born to Ex.
MLA Ashokrao Kale and Mrs. Pushpatai Kale in Mahegaon Deshmukh, Tal: Kopargaon, Maharashtra on 04 august 1985.
Grandson of Ex.
MP Shankarrao Kale.
He completed his schooling from Gautam Public School Kolpewadi, Tal: Kopargaon & Sanjeevan Vidyalaya Pachagani.
He graduated in "Bachelor of Engineering" studies from University of Pune and Master of Science from Northeastern University, Boston.
Ashutosh Kale is married to Mrs. Chaitali Ghule - Kale and has a son Ayansh.
Ashutosh Kale started his social activity with raising voice for farmers rights in Kopargaon since 2013.
He is fighting for various issues of farmers and citizens of Kopargaon
In October 2019, he contested and won the seat from the Kopargaon (Vidhan Sabha constituency) during the 2019 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election and also became the third generation member of the Kale family to win the election.
2019 ICC Awards
The 2019 ICC Awards were the sixteenth edition of ICC Awards.
The voting panel took into account players' performance between 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019.
The announcement of the World Test XI and World one-day XI, along with the winners of the men's individual ICC awards, was made on 15 January 2020.
The women's awards were announced on 17 December 2019, with Ellyse Perry winning the Rachel Heyhoe-Flint Award as the Women's Cricketer of the Year.
Virat Kohli was selected as the captain of the World Test XI third time in a row, with BJ Watling selected as the wicketkeeper.
Other players are:
Virat Kohli was selected as the captain of the World one-day XI fourth time in a row, with Jos Buttler selected as the wicketkeeper second time in a row.
Other players are:
Meg Lanning was selected as the captain of the World Women's one-day XI, with Alyssa Healy selected as the wicketkeeper.
Other players are:
Meg Lanning was selected as the captain of the World women's T20 XI, with Alyssa Healy selected as the wicketkeeper.
Other players are:
Ernst Franz Ludwig Marschall von Bieberstein
Ernst Marschall von Bieberstein (2 August 1770 - 22 January 1834) served as of the Duchy of Nassau between 1806 and 1834.
Between 1806 he was one of two chief ministers of Nassau, but after the resignation of Hans Christoph Ernst von Gagern (apparently as an unintended consequence of a new imperial decree), Marschall von Bieberstein became in effect the sole leading politician in Nassau in 1809.
During his early years he pursued a liberal course, but as conservatism returned to favour after the fall of Napoleon, his approach became strikingly more "restorationist".
Ernst (Franz Ludwig) Freiherr Marschall von Bieberstein was born into a protestant family at Wallerstein (approximately 80 kilometers / 50 miles north of Augsburg), a younger son of (1726–96), an army officer and from Württemberg.
and his wife 'Johanna Theresia Henriette' née Wolf from Ludwigsburg (1738 – 1783), who came from an army family.
The aristocratic family could trace their rise to eminence back at least to the thirteenth century, and the medieval Margravate of Meissen.
Ernst Marschall von Bieberstein had at least two elder brothers.
(1763 – 1817) became a leading politician in the Grand Duchy of Baden.
Friedrich August Marschall von Bieberstein (1768 – 1816) became a pioneering botanist.
All three brothers attended the Karlsschule (military academy) in Stuttgart, which was at that time the capital of Württemberg.
Ernst attended the Karlsschule from 1782 till 1791.
Along with a sound military training he also followed and successfully passed details courses in Philosophy and Law.
The Karlsschule was an elite establishment: the younger two Marschall von Bieberstein brothers got to know Georges Cuvier (1769 – 1832) who later came to prominence as a notable naturalist-palaeontologist, and who became a lifelong family friend.
Like many of his generation, Marschall von Bieberstein was initially sympathetic to many of the ideas underpinning the French Revolution.
In June 1791 Ernst Marschall von Bieberstein entered military service as a lieutenant in the district militia (""Kreiskontingent"") under the command of Prince William of Nassau-Usingen.
However, he was already destined, in the longer term, for a career in and after a year of military service he made the switch, taking a post as Court and Government Assessor.
Despite his relative youth, in 1793 he travelled to The Hague on a diplomatic mission.
However, he found himself arrested and detained by French troops.
He was evidently soon released, since his political career serving the Duchy of Nassau took off.
He was appointed a later in 1793, and in 1795 became a member of the Privy Council.
Further promotion followed, and he emerged as one of the most influential members of the government.
The pressing issue of the times was the aggressive advance across western Europe of the French Revolutionary Army.
Given the overwhelming superiority in terms of resources and numbers of the French forces, Marschall von Bieberstein was pragmatic, counselling a conciliatory approach.
As early as 1793, echoing the views of the men who later came to be known as the Prussian reformers in Berlin, Marschall von Bieberstein had shared his opinion that the best protection against the revolutionary tide lay in adopting a constitution, though it would be another twenty years before he would have the opportunity to on this.
In order to diminish revolutionary tendencies he also warned against imposing excessive "feudal burdens" on the population.
In 1797, in defiance of the wishes of , that Ernst Marschall von Bieberstein undertook a diplomatic mission to Paris as part of a mediatisation policy, apparently of his own.
Karl-Wilhelm, Prince of Nassau-Usingen died in May 1803 and 's request that he be permitted to retire was accepted by the new prince.
Ernst Franz Ludwig Freiherr Marschall von Bieberstein was appointed as the duchy's new "Regierungspräsident" ("head of government").
One of the most pressing tasks to be addressed involved the difficult negotiations over compensation for the duchy's lost territories on the left Bank of the Rhine.
Marschall von Bieberstein's objective was to secure a discrete territory on the Right ("German") Bank of the Rhine, a goal which he pursued in close collaboration with government colleague, Hans Christoph Ernst von Gagern.
The amalgamation of Nassau-Usingen with Nassau-Weilburg in 1806 represented an effective triumph for Marschall von Bieberstein, and incorporation of the territory into the French sponsored Confederation of the Rhine created a buffer state which suited French strategic objectives.
For the newly enlarged Duchy of Nassau, there was a measure of security achieved through "French acknowledgement" of the duchy's (qualified) sovereignty.
After The creation of the enlarged Duchy of Nassau in 1806, Marschall von Bieberstein and Hans Christoph Ernst von Gagern headed up the government jointly.
There were in effect two "Regierungspräsidenten".
While von Gagern focused on foreign policy, von Bieberstein took responsibility for domestic matters.
However, Nassau's sovereignty was not unconstrained, and a new edict imperial in 1809 debarred those who had been born on the Left Bank of the Rhine from government service in any state other than France.
The edict caught von Gagern who had been born near Worms and he resigned his office in 1809 or 1811 (sources differ) before "retiring" in 1811 to Vienna, where French imperial edicts were of less effect, especially after 1812.
After that Marschall von Bieberstein served as sole "Regierungspräsident" till his death in 1834.
Marschall von Bieberstein was still a relatively young man when he took over the government, and his early years in office are marked by a comprehensive strategy of financial, social and economic reform, all designed to create a modern and more unified state.
On 1 January 1808 he was able to implement the abolition of serfdom and of "manumission fees" (whereby serfdom levies were compensated by the state), bringing the duchy more closely into line with its former territories on the left bank (which had been part of revolutionary France since 1798).
A year later tax privileges for the nobility were diminished.
In December 1809 there followed an edict abolishing all "demeaning physical punishments" (""... entehrenden Leibesstrafen""), a striking testimony to governmental respect for the human rights of the prince's subjects in Nassau, more than a century before such an approach became mainstream in much of western Europe.
Marschall von Bieberstein's government also changed the rules so as to permit legal cases against the tax authorities.
Inter-denominational marriages between Catholics and Lutherans were no longer prohibited.
Some years later, in 1817, based on the detailed work of the lawyer-educationalist Carl Ibell, and with the enthusiastic (and very necessary) backing of Marschall von Bieberstein, education provision was removed from church control and was introduced.
A wide range of administrative reforms included the imposition of "trading tax" (""Gewerbesteuer"") on all persons deemed to earn a living through "work and industry" (§ 31 of the Edict on Taxes of February 1809) which included government officers, lawyers, physicians and private tutors.
In February 1812 a further edict provided for the abolition of a plethora old direct taxes, among the more eye-catching are of which were "soldier tax", "voluntary grants" (""Verwilligungsgelder""), "road maintenance estimates" (""Chaussee-Schatzung""), "hussar estimates" (""Husaren-Schatzung""), "monthly-money" (""Monatgeld""), knight taxes, "river development money" (""Rheinbaugelder""), "squire money" and "kitchen money".
A national health service was introduced in 1818.
Ernst Marschall von Bieberstein participated closely in reforms of the justice system, of financial policy and of the economy over which, as "Regierungspräsident", he presided.
To that can be added his introduction of free trade in 1815 and business liberalisation policies introduced in 1819.
Up to that point, there can be little doubt as to his commitment to the economicliberalism advocated by eighteenth century enlightenment thinkers.
Marschall von Bieberstein enthusiastically accepted the proposal from Baron vom Stein for a , which he implemented, formally, in 1814.
Viewed in retrospect it becomes hard to understand just what a radical step (or, for constitutional conservatives, threat) this de facto guarantee of would have represented, both in 1814 and subsequently.
Back in 1806, when Marschall von Stein had been running Nassau's foreign policy, his conciliatory approach towards France had generated tension and, at times, acrimony between himself and Baron vom Stein, at that time a senior Prussian government minister.
After the Prussians suffered a crushing military defeat in 1806 at the hands of Napoleon, however, French pressure led eventually to vom Stein's exile from Prussia in 1808.
As the fortunes of war turned after 1812 vom Stein was able to move around a little more freely, and by the time the was implemented in 1814 relations between vom Stein and Marschall von Bieberstein were much improved, and the two men seem to have worked closely together on the constitution project.
Improved relations between the two men proved particularly important at the Congress of Vienna which between November 1814 and June 1815 set the template for Europe after Napoleon.
Although vom Stein's ambitions for Europe were, for the most part, ignored or turned down by the leading protagonists at the Congress of Vienna, Stein's support for the Duchy of Nassau was important to Marschall von Bieberstein, who attended the congress of behalf of his prince.
Marschall von Bieberstein was able to secure rejection by the congress of the initial wishes of the Prussian delegation that Nassau should simply be annexed to Prussia.
In the event, Nassau was able to retain its sovereignty for another half century, till .
It was as a mark of gratitude concerning his diplomatic achievements at the Congress of Vienna that in 1815/16 Marschall von Bieberstein was given the moated chateau and surrounding lands at Hahnstätten which today carries the "Bieberstein" name.
By the trauma of war and demonisation of Napoleon had done much to discredit political modernisation among a new generation of political leaders and across Europe more widely.
The mood at the Congress of Vienna was best exemplified by the cautious conservatism of the Prince Metternich and the Viscount Castlereagh.
Among these government heads, Marschall von Bieberstein was exceptional in having already been at the head of a government for almost as long as Frederick William III had been a king and Alexander I had been a tsar.
Yet Marschall von Bieberstein remained in charge of the government of Nassau.
His principal objective was always the preservation of the duchy.
It was evidently in order to facilitate that objective, in 1818/19 he turned away from reform.
Ernst Marschall von Bieberstein became a conservative.
By backing the so-called , Marschall von Bieberstein aligned himself with a powerful Austrian Foreign Minister (who after 1821 combined his ministerial responsibilities with the office of ).
The abrupt change of political focus also reflected a widespread opposition to further reform across Nassau and indeed across the German Confederation more generally.
On 23 March 1819 the well-known writer August von Kotzebue was murdered in Mannheim by a liberal-radical theology student called Karl Ludwig Sand.
On 1 July 1819 a serious (though ultimately unsucessful) attempt was made to assassinate Carl Ibell, who by this time had become a senior member of Marschall von Bieberstein's government in Nassau.
These were not isolated atrocities.
The postwar years were marked by austerity and hunger across Europe.
Popular discontent was on the rise and governments were increasingly nervous.
Towards the end of July 1819 Marschall von Bieberstein contacted Prince Metternich about his concerns over "demagoguic activities in the Rhine region".
He expressed particular concern that Louis I, Grand Duke of Hesse (which bordered Nassau) had not been persuaded to take the necessary "serious measures" against fraterntities of malcontents at the universities in Darmstadt and Giessen.
Marschall von Bieberstein had, he assured the prince, already attempted to persuade the Grand Duke of Hesse to take the necessary steps, by exerting pressure through the Prussians, but these attempts had been fruitless.
The risks of revolutionaries gaining influence were compounded in the region by the absence of any hardline position on the part of the city authorities in nearby Frankfurt am Main.
As long as the trouble makers could find a safe haven in Germany's "free enclaves / cities", the "evil" would persist.
The situation in Nassau itself was not, he believed, "quite so dramatic", because political opposition came only from isolated individuals, rather than from the more organised radical fraternities that he identified elsewhere.
Nevertheless, action was necessary: neighbouring governments surrounding Nassau were not reacting appropriately to the risks identified.
Despite the collapse of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806, the Austrian Empire remained, in most people's eyes, the most important member of the German Confederation: its continuing leadership role was taken for granted both by Prince Metternich and by Marschall von Bieberstein.
Metternich replied promptly, on 31 July 1819, thanking Marschall von Bieberstein for his letter which had, yet again, confirmed him in his own opinion that the member governments of the German confederation needed to work much more closely together.
Otherwise the states of Germany would face a downfall which would be of their own making.
Metternich was confident that the time for a decision was approaching fast: "A few weeks will be enough to shed light on the future path and to determine whether reason or revolution will prevail".
A was held on 1 August 1819, the day following the date on Metternich's letter to Marschall von Bieberstein, at the health resort of Teplitz in northern Bohemia: the meeting was arranged by Prince Metternich, representing Austria, in order to agree his position with King Frederick William III of Prussia and the Prussian chancellor, von Hardenberg.
On 2 August 1819 the eruption of a two month period of communal and antisemitic rioting intensified the perceived need for action against the dangers of a rerun of the French revolution centred, this time, on German-speaking central Europe.
Six weeks of negotiations involving leaders of the German confederation member states now took place at the health resort of Karlsbad in Bohemia, which resulted in the presentartion of the so-called Karlsbad decrees, which were accepted and ratified by the Bundesversammlung (the Frankfurt-based "parliament" of the German confederation) on 20 September 1819.
The document closely followed the pre-existing agreement between the Austrian and Prussian leaderships.
Reflecting the leaders' deep suspicion of universities as hotbeds of conspiracy and revolution, student fraternities were effectively outlawed.
Press restrictions amounting to state censorship were to be enacted.
In addition, an "Investigation Commission" was established, mandated to look into the facts relating to the "origin and manifold ramifications of the revolutionary plots and demagogical associations directed against the existing constitution and the internal peace both of the union and of the individual states; of the existence of which plots more or less clear evidence is to be had already, or may be produced in the course of the investigation".
Ernst Marschall von Bieberstein, whose correspondence has been preserved, now emerged as an uncompromising backer of the approach envisaged in the Karlsbad decrees, both diplomatically and in his conservative domestic authoritarianism during the ensuing fifteen years.
During the early 1830s Marschall von Bieberstein survived in office during the so-called "domaine dispute" even though the underlying inequities which triggered it were widely seen as a result of deficiencies in his own fiscal reforms fifteen years earlier.
Those deficiencies indeed went unaddressed till 1848, long after Marschall von Bieberstein had departed from the scene.)
It is, indeed, striking that the revolutionary tide of 1830/31 was far less disruptive of government and of daily life in Nassau than in many of the larger states of the German confederation including, notably, neighboring Hesse where revolutionaries forced the adoption of a newly in 1831.
The savage treatment meted out to the aging opposition leader in 1832 indicate that it was not just the pre-emptive impact of Marschall von Bieberstein's reform agenda fifteen years earlier, but also his willingness in the 1830s to adopt a hands-on which Prince Metternich himself would .
The central mission to preserve the duchy's sovreignty underpinned many of Marschall von Bieberstein's policies after 1819, including his backing of Metternch's determination to suppress .
It was also a reflection of his determination to preserve the duchy's independence to the maximum extent possible that he stubbornly resisted the development of a pan-German customs union, which came into existence in January 1834 but which, following Marschall von Bieberstein's death, Nassau joined only on 10 December 1835.
It was (at leasty in part) in order to undermine the development of a pan-German customs union that he travelled to Paris where on 19 September 1833 he agreed a trade deal with France which favoured the export from France of wines and silk products, and the export from Nassau of mineral water.
Ernst Marschall von Biebertein died in office at the start of 1834, half a year short of what would have been his sixty-fourth birthday.
Commentators nevertheless contend that the authoritarian régime that he established after 1819 comfortably outlived him, coming to an end only in 1848.1848/49.
In traditional scholars have focused on Marschall von Bieberstein's rejection of a customs union and on the reactionary domestic policies that he implemented after 1819.
His reforms during the Napoleonic period and his contribution during that period to the to modernisation of Nassau were often overlooked, probably because the duchy was annexed by Prussia in , so existed only for sixty years in total.
On 25 May 1802 Ernst Marschall von Bieberstein married Karoline von Veltheim (1783–1840).
She was a daughter of a senior diplomatic official (), (1731–1800) of (location of the von Veltheim's family home, at which the marriage ceremony took place).
It is known that the couple had (at least) eleven children (four sons and seven daughter) of whom some are listed here:
Nawaf Al-Aqidi
Nawaf Al-Aqidi (, born 10 May, 2000) in Saudi Arabia is a Saudi professional footballer who currently plays for Al-Nassr as a Goalkeeper.
Nawaf Al-Aqidi began his career at the youth team of Al-Nassr.
on 30 June 2019, He was chosen in the Saudi program to develop football talents established by General Sports Authority in Saudi Arabia .
He signed his first professional contract with Al-Nassr on 8 August 2019 .
.He returned from the program external due to family circumstances and was attached to the first team at Al-Nassr on 31 December 2019 .
On 11 January 2020, He was chosen to participate with the first team in Al-Nassr in the Al-Ittihad match .
.
Frank L. Meline
Frank L. Meline (August 5, 1875 - August 17, 1944) was an American real estate developer and architect.
He developed a subdivision of Bel Air in the 1920s, and he designed the Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist and Garden Court Apartments in Los Angeles, California.
According to "The Los Angeles Times", "Scarcely an undeveloped area in rapidly expanding Los Angeles failed to feel his touch, from city lots to vast acreages in suburban districts."
PNR 8000 class
The PNR 8000 class, otherwise known as the KRD-PNR DMUs, is a class of diesel multiple units (DMUs) operated by the Philippine National Railways since 2019.
The trains were manufactured by the Indonesian firm PT INKA.
The design was based on the existing multiple units of the company.
The INKA DMUs were inaugurated at Dela Rosa station on December 16, 2019 together with PNR and Department of Transportation officials.
It entered revenue service on the same day.
From December 16 to January 14, 2020, PNR offered free rides on these trainsets between Tutuban and FTI and vice-versa, but with 20-passenger limit per station only.
Tom Otis
Tom Otis is an American researcher, academic and author.
He is the Chief Scientific Officer at the Sainsbury Wellcome Centre for Neural Circuits and Behaviour and holds a Professorship in Neuroscience at University College London.
Otis' research has been focused on cellular and circuit function of the cerebellum and hippocampus, as well as preclinical models of spinocerebellar ataxia and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Otis received a B.S.
and an M.S.
in Biological Sciences in 1988 from Stanford University.
He continued his education at Stanford University, where he received a Ph.D. in neuroscience in 1993.
Otis’ doctoral work was completed in the laboratory of Istvan Mody at Stanford University and focused on fundamental aspects of inhibitory synaptic transmission.
Using newly developed methods for patch clamping in brain slice preparations, Otis characterized the function of GABA-gated ion channels (GABAA receptors) and GABA activated G protein coupled receptors (GABAB receptors).
In 1998, Otis joined University of California, Los Angeles as an Assistant Professor, becoming Associate Professor in 2003 and Full Professor in 2007.
He became the Edith Agnes Plumb Endowed Chair in Neurobiology at UCLA in 2013.
He served as the Vice Chair of Department of Neurobiology at UCLA Medical Center from 2008 to 2013, and then as the Chair of the Neurobiology Department from 2013 to 2015.
From 2010 to 2014, he was the Vice Chair of Interdepartmental Graduate Program in Neuroscience at UCLA.
Otis took the position of Vice Director and Section Head of F. Hoffman-La Roche in 2015 while on leave of absence from UCLA.
In 2017, Otis left Roche and moved to the United Kingdom, where he joined University College of London as a Professor of Neuroscience and the Sainsbury Wellcome Centre for Neural Circuits and Behaviour as Chief Scientific Officer.
In postdoctoral work with Laurence Trussell at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, Otis studied excitatory synaptic transmission, measuring glutamate receptor activation at a giant synapse in the chick auditory brainstem and constructing models of neurotransmitter diffusion and receptor gating that explain how glutamate interacts with postsynaptic receptors.
In postdoctoral work with Craig Jahr and Mike Kavanaugh, he used electrophysiological approaches and fast solution exchange to detail the biophysical function of glutamate transporters (the proteins responsible for removing glutamate from excitatory synapses).
In his own laboratory at UCLA, Otis extended this work to describe how glutamate transporters shape excitatory signals to different pools of glutamate receptors.
He hypothesized that a feedback loop between G protein coupled glutamate receptors and glutamate transporters might regulate ‘spill over’ of glutamate from synapses, thereby ensuring that excitatory synapses remain independent.
Otis' laboratory also characterized the pharmacology of certain subtypes of GABAA receptors that are located extrasynaptically.
In collaboration with the laboratory of Richard Olsen, he presented evidence that ethanol enhances these subtypes of GABAA receptors and that this likely contributes to the intoxicating and sedative effects of alcohol.
A main line of Otis' work has been directed at understanding how cerebellar circuits are involved in coordinating complex movements.
Using optogenetics to manipulate cerebellar circuits, Otis showed that robust but artificial associative memories can be imparted such that otherwise innocuous sensory stimuli can then generate aberrant movements.
These findings validate circuit-based models of cerebellar learning and suggest that learning may involve modifications at multiple sites in the cerebellar circuit.
In collaboration with the lab of Stefan Pulst, Otis’ team has characterized and studied mouse genetic models of spinocerebellar ataxia type 2.
Working with scientists at IONIS, the teams developed an antisense oligonucleotide targeting the SCA2 gene and showed that this molecule improves motor function in mice.
Due to the involvement of SCA2 in stress granules in degenerating neurons, the same antisense oligonucleotide against SCA2 has potential to treat other misfolded protein disorders such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia.
Edouard Terwecoren
Edouard Terwecoren (1815–1872) was a Belgian Jesuit author.
Terwecoren was born in Vilvoorde on 17 June 1815.
He entered the Jesuit novitiate in Nivelles in 1836.
He taught at the Jesuit college in Namur and St Joseph College, Aalst, before becoming prefect of studies at St Michael College, Brussels.
In 1852 he was the founding editor of the review "Collection de précis historiques", which published edifying and educational material such as Pierre-Jean De Smet's letters from the American mission.
He continued as editor until his death in Brussels on 1 June 1872.
Sadalski
Sadalski or Sadalsky is a Polish masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Sadalska or Sadalskaya.
The surname may refer to
Moosapet metro station
The Moosapet Metro Station is located on the Red Line of the Hyderabad Metro.
This station was opened to public on 2017.
It is near to Kukatpally municipal Office, Kukatpallu Bus Depot, Patidar Bhavan, Petrol Bunk, ICICI Bank ATM, Andhra Bank, TSRTC Bus Stop and Vasundhara Hospital.
It was opened on 29 November, 2017.
Moosapet elevated metro station situated on the Red Line of Hyderabad Metro.
The stations have staircases, elevators and escalators from the street level to the platform level which provide easy and comfortable access.
Also, operation panels inside the elevators are installed at a level that can be conveniently operated by all passengers, including differently-abled and elderly citizens.
Port Augusta Renewable Energy Park
The Port Augusta Renewable Energy Park is proposed to be a large wind farm and solar farm south of Port Augusta in South Australia, Australia.
The solar farm is planned to be at the northern end of the site, west of the Augusta Highway and immediately south of Sundrop Farms.
The wind turbines will be on both sides of the Augusta Highway, extending south as far as the road to Horrocks Pass.
Construction is intended to start mid-2020 and take about 18 months to complete.
The project has been developed by DP Energy, but prior to construction, Spanish company Iberdrola committed to investing and will eventually own stage 1 after DP Energy manages its construction.
Stage 1 is planned to comprise 210MW of wind generation and 110MW of solar generation.
Stage 2 remains owned by DP Energy and is proposed to include more solar photovoltaic generation and a grid connected battery.
The developer claims that the combination of wind, solar, battery and synchronous condensers combine to create a renewable energy power station.
The wind turbines were originally approved to have a maximum height (to the tip of the blades) of but in June 2019, this approval was increased to .
The revised plan raises the hub height to , nominal generating capacity of each turbine to 4.5MW, and reduces the number of turbines from 59 to 50.
The wind turbines will be supplied by Vestas and solar components supplied by Downer Group.
Davitashvili
Davitashvili (Georgian: დავითაშვილი) is a Georgian surname that may refer to
Citizens in a State
Citizens in a State (Arabic: مواطنون ومواطنات في دولة, Mouwatinoun wa mouwatinat fi dawla or MMFD for short) is a Lebanese political party.
The party's motto is "to decisively contribute in the building of a civil, democratic, fair, and capable state".
It was launched in 2016 in the medina theater prior to the 2016 municipal elections.
The party is one of the organizations participating in the 2019 Lebanese protests.
Charbel Nahas is the current party's General Secretary.
In a book published in 1999, Charbel Nahas discussed Lebanon's conflicts and financial problems.
Nahas suggested an action plan to avoid the crisis and the required conditions to overcome it.
The book is the first political and economic analysis of Lebanon's crisis and suggests a progressive system that focuses on improving the living conditions of the country's citizens.
These activities have taken the roles of public institutions operating without control, accountability, or monitoring .
According to Nahas, the laws issued after 1994 were flawed and tailored to the benefit of the ruling class and its supporters, leading to the current state of the country.
In 2014, Nahas argued that the political system in its entirety must be changed and that the Taif Agreement did not constitute genuine real reform.
Citizens in a State believes it is responsible for the entirety of Lebanese society and for constructing a societal order that will extend beyond Lebanon to contribute to saving other societies within the region.
The party believes that sects cannot form a state and that the current political regime is incapable of overcoming economic and social hardships such as the 2019 financial crisis.
After the start of the protests on October 17 and after the economic crisis surfaced, the movement positioned itself as the only alternative that can manage the transitional phase.
Citizens in a State aims to form a government with exceptional legislative rights, leading a political transitional phase titled “Fair and Purposeful Distribution of Losses”.
The movement works within a systematic methodology of realistic assessment as the main grounds of choosing its confrontations.
The movement aims to play a decisive role in changing the current political and social regime.
That can only be reached, according to the movement, through identifying the regime’s contradictions, anticipating these contradictions, and building the necessary knowledge and power to handle them.
Hence, offering a substitute that goes beyond what the existing regime can offer.
For that to succeed, the movement applies the following methodological means:
Erich Schenk
Erich Schenk (5 May 1902 – 11 October 1974) was an Austrian musicologist and music historian.
Born in Salzburg (Austria-Hungary), Schenk studied at the Salzburg Mozarteum and then at the University of Munich, where he also received his doctorate in 1925.
His habilitation followed in 1930 at the University of Rostock.
At this university he headed the musicological institute from 1936.
After the retirement of Robert Lach in 1940, Schenk followed him as full professor at the Institute of Musicology at the University of Vienna.
He was able to hold on even after the end of the National Socialist regime and was accepted into the Austrian Academy of Sciences in 1946.
In 1950 he was elected Dean of the Faculty of Philosophy and in 1957 he was finally appointed Rector of the University of Vienna.
He gained his reputation as a musicologist as editor of the musicological series "Denkmäler der Tonkunst in Österreich" (DTÖ) and through his research on Viennese classical music and Baroque music.
Schenk received numerous honours for his services to musicological research, including the Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria in 1952.
He also received honorary doctorate from the universities of Brno and Rostock.
In 1966 he received the , in 1970 the Austrian Decoration of Honour for Science and Art, until he retired in 1971.
Since 2003 the "Mozartgemeinde Wien" has been awarding a new prize to young musicians under the name "".
This was decreed in her will by the musicologist's widow and replaces the interpretation prize previously awarded by the City of Vienna.
Schenk died in Vienna at age 72.
His burial place is at the .
It is undisputed that Schenk had a pronounced anti-Semitic attitude from the beginning of the 1930s and did not correct this until his death.
This can be proven several times.
For example, Schenk, a member of the National Socialist Teachers League then of the National Socialist German Lecturers League, as lecturer and temporary employee for the Amt Rosenberg activities by providing information about former Jewish students of musicology and worked closely with Herbert Gerigk and his "Lexikon der Juden in der Musik".
Gerigk thanked Schenk warmly: "A close examination of the Viennese doctoral candidates [sic!]
would probably reveal some more fat Jews" Schenk had been exempted from military service because of his collaboration in Rosenberg's "Sonderstab Musik" and also contributed to Rosenberg's journal "".
In the biography of Johann Strauss II, published in 1940, which continues to be of great importance to Strauss research in musicological terms, every single Jew is meticulously identified and research findings on the proven pathologies of Johann Strauss are dismissed by Ernst Décsey (and which are undoubtedly based on the statements of Strauss' third wife Adele) as "autocratic interpretation" and "journalistic eloquence", which did not appear in Strauss's life picture, "[...] until after the World War the Jew Decsey set out to underpin it in terms of local and contemporary history [...]".
A particularly inglorious chapter in Schenk's biography is his role in the expropriation of musicologist Guido Adler's private library after his death in 1941, which is presented here in detail because it is stereotypical for the behavior of National Socialist musicologists during National Socialism.
For decades, Schenk deceived the public by claiming, in the article he wrote about himself in "Die Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart", that he was the "Library before the access of the Nazi authorities".
It was not until 2000, when a manuscript of Gustav Mahler, which was part of the library, was to be auctioned at Sotheby's in Vienna, that the "Causa Schenk-Adler-Bibliothek" was examined more closely.
The librarian Yukiko Sakabe has 2004 and 2007 the state of knowledge is summarized.
She speaks of the "confiscation of Guido Adler's library with the participation of university professor Erich Schenk": "Immediately after Guido Adler's death, Schenk began to claim the library and also Adler's scientific estate for himself and for the Institute.
Schenk informed the Reich Ministry of Science, Education and National Education in Berlin in a report dated 31 March 1941 about his unauthorized seizure of the library.
The expropriation took place in several steps:
A complaint against Schenk was only filed with the American occupying power after the war.
At that time, "Section Chief Otto Skrbensky in the Ministry of Education was in charge of the investigation.
He denied all charges against Schenk.
With regard to the confiscation of Adler's library, he said: "in itself, probably not against Professor Schenk, since it is in the interest of Austria that this library be preserved for our fatherland"."
The expropriation, as an act of public welfare, seemed to Skrbensky unquestionably an appropriate measure.
On 30 June 1952, Federal Minister Ernst Kolb wrote to Schenk: "After a thorough examination of the events at the time, the Federal Ministry recognized these accusations as incorrect and determined your correct behavior when the library was taken over by the musicological institute of the university in the sense of securing your assets".
As Gösta Neuwirth In the early sixties, when he began work on Franz Schreker, he was dispatched by the Viennese Ordinary: "I don't associate myself with Jews".
A case against Schenk initiated for this purpose was discontinued in 1967 without result.
To the geschichtsklitternden Schenk's conduct also includes the fact that he verifiably corrected and re-coloured his writings written during National Socialism on the occasion of the new edition of his "Selected Essays, Speeches and Lectures".
Wunvhu Cycling Team
Wunvhu Cycling Team () is a UCI Continental team founded in 2020 that is based in Liaoning, China.
Pseudodirphia varioides
Pseudodirphia varioides is a species of moth in the family Saturniidae first described by Ronald Brechlin in 2018.
It is native to Bolivia.
Investigative interviewing
Investigative interviewing is a non-coercive method for questioning victims, witnesses and suspects of crimes.
Generally, investigative interviewing "involves eliciting a detailed and accurate account of an event or situation from a person to assist decision-making".
This interviewing technique is ethical and research based, and it stimulates safe and effective gathering of evidence.
The goal of an investigative interview is to obtain accurate, reliable and actionable information.
The method aims at maximising the likelihood of obtaining relevant information and minimise the risks of contaminating evidence obtained in police questioning.
The method has been described as a tool for mitigating the use of torture, coercion and psychological manipulation, and for averting forced confessions and errors of justice leading to wrongful convictions and miscarriages of justice.
The term investigative interviewing was introduced in the UK in the early 1990s to represent a shift in police interviewing away from a confession oriented approach and towards evidence gathering.
Traditionally, the main aim of an interrogation was to obtain a confession from a suspect in order to secure a conviction.
Thus, investigative interviewing contrasts pervasive interrogations techniques aimed at making the suspect break down and confess.
The stark difference between these two approaches to police interviewing has led some authors to argue that the term "interrogation" should be scrapped altogether as it is inherently coercive and aimed at obtaining a confession.
Much of the scientific base of investigative interviewing stems from social psychology and cognitive psychology, including studies of human memory.
The method aims at mitigating the effects of inherent human fallacies and cognitive biases such as suggestibility, confirmation bias, priming and false memories.
In order to conduct a successful interview the interviewer needs to be able to (1) create good rapport with the interviewee, (2) describe the purpose of the interview, (3) ask open-ended questions, and (4) be willing to explore alternative hypotheses.
Before any probing questions are asked, the interviewees are encouraged to give their free, uninterrupted account.
In the interim report dated 5 August 2016 to the UN General Assembly of the special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, Juan E. Méndez, the investigative interviewing method is presented at length as an example of best practice.
The PEACE model (Preparation and Planning, Engage and Explain, Account, Closure and Evaluate) for police interviewing was developed in the United Kingdom in response to a number of documented forced confessions and associated wrongful convictions in the 1980’s and 90’s.
Most notable were the cases associated with the conflict (the Troubles) in Northern Ireland, and terrorism, such as the Birmingham Six and Guildford Four-cases.
Investigative interviewing was adapted by the Norwegian police in 2001.
The acronym used for the training programme for the Norwegian police is KREATIV, and is composed of phrases reflecting the values and principles the method is based upon.
Professor Ray Bull and DCI David Murthwaite (Merseyside Police) were brought from the UK to Norway to help train the trainers and initiate the programme.
A module on how and when evidence should be disclosed during interviews with suspects was included, distinguishing it from the PEACE method.
The New Zealand Police published a practical tool and a compilation of literature on investigative interviewing in 2005 and underwent reforms to investigative interviewing both in policy and practice from 2007.
Wellington Naturist Club
The Wellington Naturist Club is a naturist resort located in Te Mārua, Upper Hutt, northeast of Wellington in the North Island of New Zealand.
Its of land hold facilities including a miniature golf course, volleyball court, picnic areas, spa and sauna, and extensive rhododendron gardens, with a large hall for a clubhouse.
For accommodation, the resort has four lodges and over 150 campsites.
The Club was founded in 1950, under the name "Wellington Sun and Health Society".
The Wellington Naturist Club opens its gates to the public on one weekend each summer, and periodically hosts the New Zealand Naturist Federation (NZNF)'s annual national rally.
The Club regularly celebrates World Naked Gardening Day in May, but has also helped launch a National Nude Gardening Day in October, as May is a cold month in New Zealand.
The Club's grounds have also been used as a wedding venue.
In November 2016, following lobbying by the NZNF in conjunction with Tourism New Zealand, the Club was the venue for the World Congress of the International Naturist Federation (INF), marking the second time the Congress had ever been held in the Southern Hemisphere.
This Congress was marked by political unrest, as sitting INF president Sieglinde Ivo was voted out in favour of French delegate Armand Jamier by a narrow majority led by British Naturism delegates.
The vote was overturned and Ivo returned to the presidency at a special World Congress in 2017, held in Vienna.
Julius Ochim Okputu
Julius Ochim Okputu is a Nigerian Public Servant and politician who served as Commissioner for Environment and Works in the Cross River State Government born on 14 April 1966 in Yala Local Government Area of , Cross River State.
He was a Chairman of the Cross River State Civil Service Commission and Director General of the Directorate of Projects Monitoring and Evaluation, Governor's Office,Calabar, Cross River State.
Takahiro Kimura (rugby union)
Kate Prowd
Kate Prowd is an Australian bishop in the Anglican Church of Australia.
She has served as an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Melbourne, as the Bishop for the Oodthenong Episcopate (which serves the northern and western areas of Melbourne as well as the city of Geelong), since October 2018.
Prowd is the sister of Bishop Lindsay Urwin, and are believed to be the only brother-sister bishops in the entire Anglican Communion.
Prowd completed a theological degree at Trinity College, Melbourne.
She was ordained deacon in 1986 and priest in 1992.
She served in parish ministry within the Diocese of Melbourne, at Mount Waverley, Black Rock, Hampton and Gardenvale, and school chaplaincy at Christ Church Grammar School and Brighton Grammar School.
Prowd also lived in New Zealand for some time where she worked as a clinical psychologist in student health at Otago University before returning to Australia in 2004.
She has maintained her registration as a psychologist in her role as bishop.
In 2018, Prowd was conscecrated and appointed as Assistant Bishop in the Diocese of Melbourne, replacing Philip Huggins who had reached the retirement age.
Prowd is married to Roger, who is a priest, and has three daughters.
Alex Horan
Komodo Armament D5
Komodo Armament D5 is an assault rifle produced by PT.
Komodo Armament Indonesia.
The rifle is using 5.56×45mm NATO ammunition.
Like other Komodo Armament rifles, D5 assault rifle is manufactured using polymer material, with cerakote or hard anodize finish.
It has 4 picatinny rail at 9, 12, 3, and 6 o'clock position.
The barrel cover (hand guard) is a rail integration system (RIS) with several open cavities, making the heat dissipation process on the barrel faster when in full automatic firing mode.
The barrel cover model is also designed to be lightweight but rigid.
For the buttstock, D5 adopts telescopic buttstock type of polymer material that can be adjusted.
Polymer material is also used in the magazine, which contains 30 bullets.
Roorda
Roorda is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Cheer (TV series)
Cheer is an American television docuseries airing on Netflix starting in January 2020.
The six-part series follows the nationally ranked 40-member Navarro College Bulldogs Cheer Team from Corsicana, Texas, under the direction of coach Monica Aldama, as they prepare to compete in the National Cheerleading Championship held annually in Daytona, Florida.
Interspersed in the episodes is history of cheerleading, including the formation of the National Cheerleaders Association (NCA), as well as exploring the history and motivations of five individual Cheer Team members.
The Cheer Team has won fourteen NCA National Championships in the junior college division, as well as five "Grand Nationals" for the highest score of all teams in the competition.
One of their closest competitive rivals which is also featured, like Navarro, is a junior college, Trinity Valley Community College in Athens, Texas, and is in close proximity being roughly forty miles away.
Another aspect of the billion-dollar competitive cheerleading industry shown in the final episode is the outsized influence of Varsity Brands—just acquired by Bain Capital—that seems to control most aspects of the sport, and monetizes them, including the broadcast of the Daytona finals.
Cheerleading developed from more boosterism into a sport gradually; as one team would develop pyramids, baskets, throws, and tumbles—combining skills from cheerleading, circus arts (like balancing), and dancing—other teams would emulate and build on those tricks.
Unlike most college sports, cheerleading has no professional league after college, so the National Cheerleading Championship held annually in Daytona Beach, Florida is the last competition the team members will be a part.
As of 2020, competitive cheerleading is a billion dollar industry.
Director Greg Whiteley came across competitive cheerleading while filming for his football television series "Last Chance U".
He found the cheerleaders to be better athletes, and highly competitive.
Navarro College, a “9,000-student community college in Corsicana, Texas, about fifty miles south of Dallas,” has a Cheer Team coached by Monica Aldama who graduated from Corsicana High School, earned a degree in Finance at the University of Texas at Austin, then a Master of Business Administration at the University of Texas at Tyler; she was a cheerleader in college; because of her devotion to her extended Texan family, and her and her husband ‘s desire to raise their children with their families, she accepted the position of cheerleading coach at Navarro College.
She built the program starting in 2000 from the ground up making it into the best in the nation.
As of January 2020, "Cheer" has a “100 percent rating from critics, and 93 percent from audience members on "Rotten Tomatoes"”.
"The Washington Post’"s Hank Stuever wrote, ""Cheer" quickly and effortlessly becomes all-consuming for the viewer.
Whiteley superbly structures the story through six episodes to heighten the anxiety as the competition nears."
Vulture’s Jen Chaney stated, “while it depicts plenty of conflicts and disagreements between the cheerleaders at Navarro College in Corsicana, Texas, it’s an ultimately more uplifting show that uses cheer as a prism through which to explore overcoming all kinds of obstacles.”
In January 2020 the Navarro Cheer Team with coach Monica appeared on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", and performed a full routine; Ellen DeGeneres presented them with $20,000 toward their fundraising goal.
The January 25, 2020 episode of "Saturday Night Live" had a sketch spoofing "Cheer" with guest host Adam Driver as one of the coaches apparently unconcerned as team members want to make the mat—the twenty chosen for the finals—so bad they want to cheer despite near-catastrophic injuries.
In late January 2020, the "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" featured a spoof commercial about mat talk, the boisterous positivity sideline cheers that teammates do for the performing members—for which Jerry Harris was singled-out during the series as excelling in—for their performance.
The conceit was a new booster Mat Talk for Regular People program whereby the Navarro Cheer Team members would praise everyday people for mundane activities, and featured La'Darius Marshall, Harris, and Gabi Butler cheering people on, with coach Monica Aldama available for a Booster Shot.
Croatian Glagolitic Script Day
Croatian Glagolitic Script Day was announced by the Croatian Parliament at the initiative of the Institute of Croatian Language and Linguistics.
The official holiday of 2019 on February 22.
On that day, February 22, 1483, the first non-Latin printed book - Missale Romanum Glagolitice.
Bulgarians, Russians, Serbs and Romanians or so-called Slavia Orthodoxa notes the Day of Slavonic Alphabet, Bulgarian Enlightenment and Culture.
Slovakia and the Czech Republic commemorate their literary enlightenment on July 5, while Montenegro, in search of its identity, celebrates the day of the baptized glory of Cyril the Philosopher on February 14/27 (new style).
From the Slavic countries, and Slavistics in particular, only Poland with its historical traditions, writing and culture is irrelevant to the work of Cyril and Methodius.
Mion, Budaun
Mion (Hindi: म्याऊँ) is a Block & village panchayat in Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
0186 is the block number of Mion.
There are 115 Villages under Mion block.
According to 2011 Census of India, total population is 157657 out of 84983 are males and are 72674 females.
The Gentleman from Arizona
The Gentleman from Arizona is a 1939 American Western film directed by Earl Haley and written by Earl Haley and Jack O'Donnell.
The film stars John 'Dusty' King, J. Farrell MacDonald, Joan Barclay, Ruth Reece, Craig Reynolds and Nora Lane.
The film was released on December 25, 1939, by Monogram Pictures.
Sally Lucas Jean
Sally Lucas Jean (18 June 1878–05 July 1971) was an American health educator and nurse.
Sally Lucas Jean was born June 18, 1878 as the youngest child of three to George and Emilie Watkins (née Selby) Jean in Towson, Maryland.
Her mother was a southerner while her father had fought for the north in the American Civil War.
Her father was a teacher.
He died when Jean was fifteen.
Jean was encouraged to follow him into the teaching profession and she graduated in 1896 from Maryland State Normal School.
However Jean had a particular interest.
She had played Florence Nightingale in a school play shortly after losing her friend to diphtheria.
The events interested her in a nursing career and she went on to graduate from Maryland Homoepathic Training School for Nurses in 1898.
Jean served as an army nurse during the Spanish-American War in Lexington, Kentucky and Chickamauga, Georgia, her first post.
She returned home to work as a private nurse and later a school and playground nurse.
Later Jean went on to become a pioneering educator coining the term "health education".
In 1914 she became the director of Maryland's Social Health Service before going in 1917 to New York to organise a People's Institute Department of Health Service.
She then went on to supervise health education for the U.S. Indian Service in 1934/35.
As a result of her work during the First world war, when she served on New York Academy of Medicine's Committee on Wartime Problems of Childhood and seeing the impact it had on the population, she was director of the establishment of the Child Health Organization which went on to be the American Child Health Association when it merged with the American Child Hygiene Association in 1923.
Jean went on to work as the director of the Health Education department there.
She worked as a consultant internationally from 1924 to the 1950s, developing health education programs in China, Japan, Philippines, Virgin Islands and Panama Canal Zone as well as working with companies and for University of Denver summer school in 1942, the Colorado River War Relocation Authority from 1942 to 1943 and the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis in 1944.
Jean lived with her secretary and friend Dorothy Goodwin.
Jean died 5 July 1971.
Her papers and publications are part of the Louise Round Wilson Special collection at the University of North Carolina.
"Sally Lucas Jean, 1878-1971, health education pioneer" was written by Marguerite Vollmer in 1973.
Caio Facó
Caio Facó (born May 16, 1992) is a Brazilian composer.
Facó worked as a composer in residence for "Ensemble MPMP" (Portugal, 2017) and "Orquestra de Câmara de Valdivia" (Chile, 2017-19).
He also worked with "International Contemporary Ensemble" (USA), "Mivos Quartet" (USA) and "Orquestra Metropolitana de Lisboa" (Portugal).
He won, for three consecutive years (2016-18), the most prestigious composition contest in Brazil: "Festival Tinta Fresca".
In Brazil, his works are performed by "Orquestra Sinfônica do Estado de São Paulo" and "Orquestra Filarmônica de Minas Gerais".
Candidstraße
Candidstraße is an inner-city street in Munich and a section of the "Mittlerer Ring".
Candidstraße is located in the Munich district Untergiesing in the district 18, Untergiesing-Harlaching.
It connects Brudermühlstraße with Tegernseer Landstraße.
Candidstraße connects seven lanes to the Brudermühlbrücke bridge.
Of the four lanes running in the eastern direction, the outer two become turning lanes to Candidplatz, in the opposite direction there is an access lane from Candidplatz.
This leaves four lanes for the continuous part of the "Mittlerer Ring".
At Candidplatz, Candidstraße is connected to the Pilgersheimer Straße - Schönstraße axis, which runs roughly parallel to the Isar in a north-south direction.
East of Candidplatz, Candidstraße has to cross the Isar slope (Candidberg).
The road is divided into two parts.
At ground level, a six-lane road runs in serpentines upwards along the slope and there serves as a connection to the Tegernseer Landstraße, which runs north along the edge of the slope, and the Grünwalder Straße, which runs south.
This branch runs past the "Grünwalder Stadion".
The four-lane part, comprising the "Mittlere Ring", crosses the Candidplatz and the "Auer Mühlbach" as an elevated through road (called Candidhochstraße or Candidbrücke) and then connects with the Isar slope below the serpentine of the first branch.
From there, the road runs in four lanes in the Candidtunnel to the eastern part of the Tegernseer Landstraße, which here is led in a ditch.
The elevated road has noise barriers painted yellow-green on both sides.
A photovoltaic system is installed on the southern wall.
The "Bäcker-Kunstmühle" (former gristmill), demolished in 1973, was located in the loop between the street at ground level and the Hochstraße.
Today, the "Kraftwerk Bäckermühle" (power station) and a medical and office centre are located on the site.
The construction of Candidstraße with the access to Tegernseer Landstraße and Grünwalder Straße took place between 1955 and 1957.
The construction of Candidbrücke and Candidtunnel for the crossing between Candidplatz and Grünwalder Straße followed between 1967 and 1969.
Candidstraße, Candidtunnel and Candidplatz are named after Peter Candid, a Flemish painter and graphic artist who lived and worked in Munich from 1586 to 1628.
Clyde Petersen
Clyde Petersen is an artist based in Seattle, working in film, animation, music, and installation.
As a director he is most renowned for the animated film "Torrey Pines" (2016), an autobiographical stop-motion animated feature film, which toured the world with a live score.
He is the founding member of punk band Your Heart Breaks.
Between 2012 and 2015 he hosted the web series "Boating with Clyde", set on a small handmade boat in the Washington Park Arboretum.
Petersen is transgender and his art often explores queer themes.
In 1998, whilst living in Bellingham, Washington and studying documentary film production at Western Washington University, Petersen started the band Your Heart Breaks.
The band has released multiple albums, either by self-releasing or through small independent labels, throughout the 2000s and 2010s.
While working at a post-production house in Seattle Petersen gained experience working with animation on some commercials.
Petersen has directed music videos (some of which were animated) for artists including the Thermals, Laura Veirs, Deerhoof, and Thao & the Get Down Stay Down.
In October 2016 Petersen released "Torrey Pines", a film he had written, directed, and animated over the previous three years.
The soundtrack for which was recorded by Chris Walla and features members of Your Heart Breaks as well as several other collaborators.
The film was toured worldwide with a live score for the next two years.
In early 2018 Petersen announced he is working on a documentary about the American drone metal band Earth.
Petersen's art installation work often uses cardboard and paper as medium, akin to his stop-motion animations.
From late 2018 to spring 2019 he had an exhibition entitled "Merch and Destroy" at the Bellevue Arts Museum in Washington that’s a larger-than-life rock band's touring van in the process of unloading.
Erich Spitz
Erich Spitz is a French engineer and physicist, born in Brno (Czechoslovakia) on 27 March 1931.
""He is the author of a large number of publications and patents in the fields of electromagnetic radiation, optical fibres, optical information storage and processing, and liquid crystal display, and has made a major contribution to the progress of electronic science and industry".
»
- French Academy of sciences (France).
Erich Spitz was born in Brno (Czechoslovakia) on 27 March 1931.
Married in 1963, he has three children.
After studying at the Sokolska Gymnasium in Brno, he joined the Faculty of Electrical Engineering of the Technical University of Prague, from which he graduated in 1954 as an engineer from the Prague Polytechnic.
He was awarded a Doctor of Science degree in 1955.
After a year (1957-1958) spent at the Meudon observatory as a researcher in radio astronomy, Erich Spitz joined the Compagnie générale de la télégraphie sans fil (CSF), which merged in 1968 with the French company Thomson-Houston (CFTH), a subsidiary of Thomson-Brandt to create the Thomson-CSF group, which in 2000 was renamed Thales.
From 1958 to 1968, Erich Spitz was a researcher in the Applied Physics Department of the new Corbeville Research Centre that the CSF had just created in 1957 near the Commissariat à l'Energie Atomique (CEA) in Saclay, notably under the impetus of Jean Robieux.
Head of the laboratory from 1968, he took over the management of the research centre, which was named "Laboratoire Central de Recherche" (LCR) in 1975.
In 1983, he was appointed "Technical and Research Director" of the Thomson group, succeeding Pierre Aigrain, then in 1986 "Deputy Managing Director in charge of research and technology".
In 1988, he created the "Scientific and Technical College" bringing together the best experts from Thomson-CSF.
Since 1995, he has been "Advisor to the Chairman ".
In addition, from 2001 to 2009, Erich Spitz was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Thales Avionics LCD SA, a subsidiary of Thales Avionics S.A.
The main scientific work of Erich Spitz, which has led to numerous patent applications, is related to:
Some of Erich Spitz's major publications:
On behalf of the Academy of Sciences and the Academy of Technology, Erich Spitz chaired the working group "Sustainability of Digital Media" whose report was published in March 2010.
Erich Spitz is:
Erich Spitz is an Officier of the Ordre National de la Légion d'Honneur and an Officier of the Ordre National du Mérite.
Hammarlund (surname)
Hammarlund is a Swedish language habitational surname denoting a person originally living near a grove (Swedish: "lund") on or near a cliff or crag (Old Norse: "hamarr") and may refer to:
Stephen Hale (bishop)
Stephen Hale is an Australian bishop in the Anglican Church of Australia.
He served as an assistant bishop in the Anglican Diocese of Melbourne, as the Bishop for the Eastern Region, from 2001 to 2009, during which time Hale had oversight of over 70 churches in the east of Melbourne.
Hale grew up in the Anglican Church in Sydney.
He studied at Sydney University then taught at Leeton, New South Wales in the Anglican Diocese of Riverina, for four years.
When he returned to Sydney, Hale studied at Moore Theological College and his first position was at St Paul's Anglican Church, Castle Hill.
While there, St Paul's became the biggest Anglican church in Australia.
In 1988, Hale was invited to Melbourne by Archbishop David Penman to head up a new youth department where he served for eight years.
He later became Vicar at Diamond Creek then Archdeacon of Box Hill, before becoming Bishop of the Eastern Region in the Diocese of Melbourne in 2001.
While Bishop, Hale also chaired Access Ministries and Christian leadership organisation, Arrow International.
In 2009 Hale was appointed as Vicar of what is now the St Hilary's Anglican Network, the combined parish of St Hilary’s Anglican Church, Kew and St Silas Anglican Church, Balwyn.
He served in that role until January 2020.
Hale is married to Karen and has two children.
Paolo Treu
Paolo Treu is an Italian naval officer, serving as Commander in Chief Naval Fleet.
He graduated from the Italian Naval Academy in 1981 after which he went to the United States to complete Jet and Helicopter training.
In 2004 he commanded the aircraft carrier Giuseppe Garibaldi.
In 2008 he was appointed Head of Naval Aviation.
He commanded the 30th Naval Group from 12 November 2013 to 9 April 2014.
In 2014 he was appointed Director of Armament Programmes for the Italian Defence Force.
He was promoted to Vice Admiral in 2016 and appointed Deputy Chief of Staff of the Navy.
He took over as Commander in Chief Naval Fleet on 13 October 2019.
William John Cameron
William John Cameron (1907–1990)) was a 20th century Scottish minister.
He twice served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Free Church of Scotland: in 1962 and 1977.
He was born in Brora in Sutherland in November 1907 the son of Rev Kenneth Cameron.
The family moved first to Skye then to Stornoway with his father's role as minister.
He was educated at the Nicolson Institute in Stornoway, where he was school dux.
He studied Classics and Divinity at Edinburgh University and graduated MA with Honours.
During this period (in 1924/25) his father served as Moderator of the General Assembly.
He was ordained at Burghead on the Moray coast in 1932 and in 1950 moved to the famous Buccleuch Greyfriars Church in Edinburgh's South Side.
In 1953 he was given the Chair of both Greek and the New Testament at the Free Church College in Edinburgh.
From 1973 to 1977 he was Principal of the College.
In 1962 he served his first year as Moderator.
From 1963 to 1976 he was Principal Clerk to the General assembly.
and in 1977 he served his second year as Moderator.
During this second term he met Queen Elizabeth II during her jubilee visit to Scotland.
He died in hospital in Edinburgh on 27 January 1990.
His first wife, Lilias Brown, daughter of Col. W. rounsfell Brown, died in 1968.
They had one son and two daughters.
In 1980 he married Murdina Smith, matron of Cameron Hospital in Fife.
His son Kenneth W R Cameron served as Moderator in 1989, creating three consecutive generations of the Cameron family as Moderator.
Samrer
Samrer (Hindi: समरेर) is a Block & village panchayat in Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
0184 is the block number of Samrer.
There are 98 Villages under Samrer block.
According to 2011 Census of India, total population is 1,35,724 out of 73,829 are males and are 61,895 females.
Panhandle, Ohio
Panhandle is an unincorporated community in Wayne Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located northwest of Bloomingdale and just west of Unionport at the intersection of Carman Road and Township Road 201, at .
The Panhandle Post Office was established on August 16, 1911, and discontinued on October 15, 1923.
Mail service is now handled through the Unionport branch.
Pal family
The Pal family (; also spelt Pala) are a Bengali aristocratic family who had formerly held lands in what is now Sylhet, Bangladesh.
Among the most ancient clans in their region, the Pals traced their descent from a branch of the imperial Pala dynasty of Bengal.
Their line became established in Sylhet when one Kalidas Pal acquired land in Panchakhanda (in what is now Beanibazar sub-district), with his estate becoming hereditary among his descendants.
Initially, the Pals ruled their territory as feudal monarchs, styling themselves with the royal title "Raja".
However, during the reign of Ramjivan Pal, they lost this independence, coming under the suzerainty of the Muslim rulers of Bengal.
In spite of this reduction in status, the family enjoyed considerable renown and success as private landowners.
Under Pal governance, their territory (previously scarcely inhabited) was significantly developed and cultivated.
Successive members of the family became notable for their construction of "Dighi" (reservoirs) as well as their religious contributions, both through support of Brahmans as well as construction.
One younger son, Pratap Chandra Pal, converted to Islam under the name "Prachanda Khan" and established his own separate territory, with his heirs becoming prominent landowners themselves.
The general preeminence of the Pal line is displayed in a proverb recorded by the historian Achyut Charan Choudhury:
Translated, this means "Pal, Prachanda, Jangdar.
These are the three "mirashdars"."
Thus, making reference to the Pals, the descendants of Prachanda Khan and the unrelated Jangdar clan, the proverb states that there were no other "mirashdars" beyond these families in the region.
The influence of the Pals continued into the British era, with Munshi Hari Krishna Pal serving as Dewan to the District Collector of Sylhet.
Krishnatay Dewanji, his younger brother, had the title "Rai Bahadur" awarded to him by the ruling government.
The latter's son, Krishna Kishore Pal Chowdhury, founded the "Bihani Bazar" (Morning Market), from which the modern Beanibazar sub-district derives its name.
Dichloramine-T
Dichloramine-T or N,N-Dichloro-p-toluenesulfonamide is a chemical used as a disinfectant starting at the beginning of the 20th century.
The chemical contains toluene substituted by a sulfonamide grouping, which in turn has two chlorine atoms attached to the nitrogen.
Dichloramine-T was first made by Frederick Daniel Chattaway in 1905.
Dichloramine-T can be made from para-toluenesulfonamide and bleaching powder, or chlorine.
Dichloramine-T degrades with exposure to light or air.
Komodo Armament D7 PMR SA
Komodo Armament D7 PMR SA is a semi automatic assault rifle produced by PT.
Komodo Armament Indonesia.
The rifle is using 7.62x51 mm NATO ammunition.
Like other Komodo Armament rifles, D7 PMR SA rifle is manufactured using polymer material, with cerakote or hard anodize finish.
Unlike the D5 assault rifle with gas and piston-driven operation, the D7 PMR SA is gas-operated only.
PMR SA stands for "Precision Marksman Rifle Single Action".
It is also referred to as DMR semi auto D7, with the DMR stands for "Designated Marksman Rifle".
It has 2 picatinny rail at 12 and 6 o'clock position, but additional 2 can be added at 9 and 3 o'clock because of the rail integration system (RIS) on the hand guard.
Like the D5, the barrel cover (hand guard) is made with several open cavities, making the heat dissipation process on the barrel faster.
The barrel cover model is also designed to be lightweight but rigid.
For the buttstock, D7 adopts telescopic buttstock type of polymer material that can be adjusted.
Polymer material is also used in the magazine, which contains 30 bullets.
India-Cabo Verde relations
India-Cabo Verde relations refers to the international relations that exist between India and Cabo Verde.
The Embassy of India in Dakar, Senegal is concurrently accredited to Cabo Verde.
Cabo Verde maintains an Honorary Consul in New Delhi.
Chawki Mejri
Chawki Mejri (, November 11, 1961 – October 10, 2019) was a Tunisian film director.
Balliya
Balliya (Hindi: बल्लिया) is a village and gram panchayat in Salarpur block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128240.
According to 2011 Census of India, the total population of the village is 1,666 out of 896 are males and 770 are females.
2020 Women's National League (Ireland)
The 2020 Women's National League, known for sponsorship reasons as the Só Hotels Women's National League, is the 10th season of the Women's National League, the highest women's association football league in the Republic of Ireland.
Athlone Town will compete for the first time.
Following the financial collapse of Limerick F.C., they will be replaced by a new team, Limerick United.
Kilkenny United were excluded for a variety of reasons, including that they had not bonded with the local league, they had changed venues for home games, did not train in Kilkenny, lacked a qualified manager, and their poor league results (just 7 points in the last three seasons combined [60 matches]).
Teams play each other three times, either twice at home and once away, or once at home and twice away.
Each team plays 21 games, 10/11 home and 11/10 away.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Greece at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics
Greece compete at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne, Switzerland from 9 to 22 January 2020.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 94
Route 94, also known as Admirals Beach Road, is a north-south highway on the Avalon Peninsula of Newfoundland.
It connects the communities of Admirals Beach and O'Donnells with Route 90 in the town of St. Joseph's.
Route 94 begins in Admirals Beach at the Harbour and heads northeast through town before leaving and passing along the coastline of St. Mary's Bay for several kilometers.
It now crosses an Inlet via a Causeway before passing through O'Donnells and turning more inland through hilly terrain.
The highway now enters St. Joseph's as begins following the Salmonier Arm of St. Mary's Bay and passes through town for a few kilometers before coming to an end at a Y-Intersection with Route 90 (Salmonier Line).
Munich gravel plain
The Munich gravel plain () is an Outwash plain in Upper Bavaria, Germany, formed during Late Pleistocene glacial periods.
Characterized by its very wide extension, it comprises sandur terraces and the floodplain of the Isar river.
These most recent deposits overlie the Neogene Molasse basin of the Alpine Foreland, which in contrast comprises of fine-grained fluviatile and lacustrine facies.
The plain covers a triangular area of around .
The three corners corresponded with the town of Weyarn, between Miesbach and Holzkirchen in the southeast, Moosburg an der Isar in the northeast and Maisach in the west.
Munich city and nearly all its peripheral districts are situated on top of the flat gravel plain.
As a consequence the city, in contrast to the surrounding counties in the north, south and west, has almost no topographic features.
However, the waters of the Isar river have cut into the Quaternary ground in several stages and caused the typical terrace levels within the city.
The plain drops to the northeast from initially around above sea level to approximately , a decisive factor for the formation of the large Dachauer Moors, the Freisinger Moor and the Erdinger Moor.
The gravel deposits of are the deepest in the south of Munich and decrease towards the north.
According to an unambiguous stratigraphic record the formation process extended over three glacial periods.
The massive Central Alpine pleistocene glaciers, that almost reached to the area of modern Munich, discharged not only water but also large amounts of soil and rock into the Alpine Foreland.
When the glaciers melted during interglacial warm periods, huge quantities of gravel, debris and water were released and flushed to the north, where they were mainly deposited on the Munich gravel plain.
The lowest strata contains solidified deposits from the Mindel glaciation, above it lies gravel from the Riss glaciation, which in turn is covered by the youngest layer, the rock scree from the Würm glaciation.
Layers of clay in between represent the interim humus collections of the respective interglacial periods.
All these ice age gravel deposits lie on top of the low hydraulic conductive sediments of the Molasse basin.
The basin's sediment material of conglomerates, shales and debris have accumulated by erosion and denudation and formed in a sequence during the development of the Alps between around 50 to 3 million years ago.
These layers, locally referred to as "Flinz" are impermeable to water.
During the pleistocene the ancient Mangfall river flowed through the eastern section of what is now the Munich gravel plain before it was deflected to the east towards the Inn river by a Würm glaciation moraine.
The Grub-Harthausen dry valley is a sector of the former course of the river.
Today the Isar river is the largest body of water on the Munich gravel plain.
It roughly equally bisects the plain from southwest to northeast.
Coming from the district of Starnberg, the Würm river flows through the west of the Munich gravel plain.
Further natural waters are the Hachinger Bach and the Gröbenbach and its tributaries, which all, due to exudation of groundwater, rise on the Munich gravel plain.
In the south, the gravel layer of the groundwater-rich Munich gravel plain is the most massive.
The top groundwater layer at the Haar-Eglfing measuring point is more than below ground, in Kirchheim it is around and on the northern edge of the Munich gravel plain it is less than .
These levels used to be higher.
The Erdinger Moos, which begins north of the municipalities of Aschheim, Kirchheim and Pliening, was once a bog where groundwater surfaced.
The outlying communities in the north were frequently flooded after heavy rainfall.
To prevent future flooding, a drainage ditch was built in the early 1920s, which caused the groundwater table to drop significantly, which in turn required deeper wells to be dug in these communities.
The Thickness of the gravel layer in the south of the Munich gravel plain made it hard to get to the groundwater for the first settlers during the early Middle Ages.
This, however, was essential, as there were no surface waters like ponds or lakes.
People settled around the local wells and the settlements were named after the owners of these precious water sources, such as Putzbrunn (once Puzzoprunnin after a Puzzo) or Grasbrunn (Gramasprunnin after a Gramas or Graman).
The surface gravel and sand deposits have been exploited for use in construction for a long time.
There still remain several sand and gravel plants as in Grasbrunn and at Aschheim.
At the site of the modern "Heimstettener See" (Heimstetten Lake), gravel was mined for the Reichsbahn until 1937.
The "Feringasee" (Feringa Lake) gravel was used for the construction of the Autobahn A 99 from 1974 to 1976, the "Böhmerweiher" (Böhmerweiher Lake) was created between 1993 and 1999 by sand and gravel mining for the construction of the Autobahn A 8.
Former gravel pits are also all the lakes of the Dreiseenplatte (Three Lake district), that include the "Lerchenauer See", "Fasanerie See" and "Feldmochinger See" and the three lakes of the Langwieder lake district to the west of Munich.
The Langwieder lake district includes the "Langwieder See", which provided gravel for the construction of the Autobahn A 8 during the 1930s, the "Birkensee", from which gravel was extracted for a railway line in 1938, and the "Lußsee", from which gravel was used from 1995 to 2000 for the construction of the "Eschenrieder Spange", a shortcut at a junction of the Autobahn A 99.
Most of the defunct sand and gravel pits have undergone years of extensive recultivation and have since become popular recreation sites for the inhabitants of metropolitan Munich.
Amadi Union
Amadi Union () is one of the 7 unions of Koyra Upazila of the Khulna district, Bangladesh.
Chandakhali union is bounded on the north by Amadi union, Koyra river on the south, Maheshwarpur union on the east and Kaptakhms river on the west.
There are 3 wards in the Amadi Union.
Koyra River on the southern border of Amadi union, Kapotakhma River to the west and Shivasa River to the east.
Forever Valentine (song)
"Forever Valentine" is a song by American R&B singer Charlie Wilson, released on January 17, 2020.
The song was produced by Bruno Mars, the Stereotypes and D'Mile.
They also co-wrote the song along with Charlie Wilson, Micah Powell and Seth Reger.
The background vocals feature Mars, Wilson and James Fauntleroy, along with others.
On July 27, 2018, Wilson stated that he and Mars were working on a collaboration.
Wilson said that he was having fun with the song, the result of his and Mars' "creative combustion".
They started talking about the song's vibe and recorded a chorus for it, but they didn't met each other for some time afterwards due to their busy schedules.
Nevertheless, after Wilson performed on selected dates of Mars' third worldwide tour, the 24K Magic World Tour, they would "sing every day at lunch time as we further hashed out the song".
Credits:
Only the Animals (film)
Only the Animals () is a 2019 French drama film directed by Dominik Moll.It is based on the novel "Seules les bêtes" by Colin Niel.
Taylorville, South Australia
Taylorville is a locality in the Riverland region of South Australia.
It is on the north (right) bank of the Murray River opposite Waikerie and several smaller settlements.
The locality is predominantly between the Goyder Highway and the Murray River, with several small areas on the other side of the highway.
Taylorville Road connects the highway to the cable ferry across the river to Waikerie.
Land use in Taylorville includes irrigated vineyards and orchards.
David Miller (moderator)
Rev David Miller MA is a Scottish minister who served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Free Church of Scotland: in 2014.
He was born in Korea to Scottish parents and spent most of his youth in Tasmania, studying Economics at the University of Tasmania, graduating in 1981.
In 1982 he moved to Edinburgh in Scotland where he befriended his minister, Rev Donald Lamont of St Columba's Free Church, also working in the Church of Scotland bookshop on George Street.
Re-inspired he began studying Divinity in 1985 at the Free Church College in Edinburgh, graduating in 1988.
He was then dispatched by the Foreign Missions Board to work in South Africa.
Here he served in various village schools in the southern Transkei before settling in Dumisani to run their Bible School.
From this base he also lectured in various church subjects at Potchefstroom University.
Here he also obtained a further degree in Theology.
In 2002 he returned to Britain, taking up the first ever post as Free Church minister of Cobham near London in 2003.
In 2014 he succeeded Rev Angus Howat as Moderator of the General assembly.
In 2015 hre moved to Duirinish Free Church on Skye.
He was married to Margaret (Meg) Campbell of Stornoway in 1989.
They were married by her brother Rev Iain D Campbell.
They had three sons (born in South Africa): Andrew, Ben and John.
Only the Animals
Only the Animals may refer to:
Bill Oliver (snooker player)
Bill Oliver (born 3 December 1948) is an English former professional snooker player.
Bill Oliver was born on 1 December 1948.
As an amateur player, Oliver beat Ian Williamson 7–5 in the final of the 1981 Pontins Autumn Open.
He became a professional snooker player in 1983 but never reached the last-16 of a major tournament.
His highest ranking was 77.
He owns a snooker club in Plymouth.
He made his television debut as a player in the 1984 World Doubles Championship, partnering Roger Bales in a 4-5 loss to Terry Griffiths and John Parrott in a match that finished at 12:30 am.
Oliver beat former champion Ray Reardon in the second qualifying round of the 1988 World Snooker Championship.
Later that year he joined the board of the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association (WPBSA), taking the place of Rex Williams.
He entered the 2010 World Snooker Championship under an arrangement where members of the WPBSA who were not on the main World Snooker Tour could participate if they paid a fee of £200.
He was beaten 1–5 by Nic Barrow in what was Oliver's first world championship match since 1994.
1900 Edinburgh and St Andrews Universities by-election
The Edinburgh and St Andrews Universities by-election of 1900 was a parliamentary by-election held in Scotland in May 1900 for the House of Commons constituency of Edinburgh and St Andrews Universities.
As a university constituency, the constituency had no geographical basis.
Instead, its electorate consisted of the graduates of Edinburgh University and St Andrews University.
The by-election was held to fill the vacancy caused by the death on 11 April 1900 of 70-year-old Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) Sir William Overend Priestley.
An eminent obstetrician, Priestley had held the seat since a by-election in May 1896.
The Conservative Party selected as its candidate the 65-year-old Sir John Batty Tuke.
He was a Yorkshire-born, Edinburgh-educated, pioneering psychiatrist based at the Royal Edinburgh Hospital, who had been knighted in 1898.
Nomination day was set as Thursday 3 May, but the seat had last been contested at the 1885 general election.
The Conservatives did not expect a contest in the by-election, and speculation that the novelist J. M. Barrie would stand as a Liberal Party candidate ended on 30 April when Barrie sent a telegram declining nomination.
The nomination process was held in the Senate Hall of the University of Edinburgh on 3 May 1900, where the Principal Sir William Muir presided over a gathering of only about 20 people.
Tuke was nominated by Professor Thomas Annandale of Edinburgh, and seconded by Professor Scott Lang of the University of St Andrews.
No other candidate was nominated, so Tuke was declared elected.
Tuke was re-elected unopposed at general election in September/October 1900.
At the 1906 general election, he was re-elected in a two-way contest with John Strachey (journalist), a Free Trader.
He stood down at the January 1910 general election.
Toks Asher Young
Tochukwu Young Umezulike, better known as Toks Asher Young, is a Nigerian talent manager, entrepreneur and executive producer.
Toks Asher Young was born in Adazi, Anambra State and raised in Enugu State.
Toks hails from Umueji, Ufuma, in Orumba North Local Government Area of Anambra State.
He is a graduate of Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka in Anambra State where he studied electro-Mechanics and was later posted to Ise Orun Council, Ekiti State for his one year national service.
In 2007/2008, Juju a dancehall artiste living in Amsterdam made Toks his manager after he had helped him secure a collaboration with 2baba, plan his album launch and debut into the Nigerian Music industry.
The following year Toks became the manager to General Pype and realized he could actually do talent management as a career, and so his career as a talent manager kicked-off.
As well as being Pype’s manager Toks was also General Manager and co-founder at Podium Worldwide aka Poduim Vybez.
In 2009, he and Storm Records executive produced Champion by dancehall artist, General Pype.
In June 2014, Umezulike got a contract from former Etisalat, now known as 9Mobile to be the talent manager for their Cloud Nine musical event series held in Port Harcourt and Abuja, Nigeria.
In 2017 He was the resident judge for the first edition of THE GROUNDED TALENT SEARCH which was won by BShine an indigenous hiphop artist based in Enugu State, Nigeria.
He also modeled for Zlni Couture’s 2017 Summer collection.
He has worked with some public figures like Kenny Keke Ogungbe, Dayo D1 Adeneye, Obi Asika and Ayo Rotimi who also mentored him on his career.
He is the manager to Naeto C, Yung6ix, Kollydee and Grindha.
In 2010, "Champion (Remix)" video executively produced by Toks won the Channel O Music Video Awards as the Best Ragga Dancehall Video.
Komodo Armament D7CH
Komodo Armament D7CH is a sniper rifle produced by PT.
Komodo Armament Indonesia.
The rifle is configurable to adapt and receive a wide array of accessories that are needed by the operator.
Ammunition used is 7.62x51 mm NATO ammunition.
Like other Komodo Armament rifles, D7CH sniper rifle is manufactured using polymer material, with cerakote or hard anodize finish.
It has bolt action firing system with single fire mode.
The barrel cover adopted the Rail Interface System (RIS), the picatinny rail extends from the base of the receiver to the end of the barrel.
The picatinny rail makes it easy for sniper to mount and adjust the scope position.
The main structure of this weapon is built from aluminium T67075 billet material.
For the gun barrel it is offered two options that can be replaced, the heavy barrel (26 inches) and the tactical barrel (18.5 inches).
Komodo D7CH has two choices of magazines, precisely there is a magazine containing 5 ammunitions and a magazine with 10 ammunitions.
Robert Stannard (priest)
Robert Stannard was an Anglican priest in Ireland in the 17th-century.
Stannard was educated at Trinity College, Dublin.
He was a Minor Canon at St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin from 1677 to 1681.
He was Chancellor of Ferns from 1681 until his death in 1686; and also Vicar general of the Diocese.
He was also Chancellor of Leighlin from 1683 to 1686; and the Archdeacon of Lismore from 1685 until 1686.
1984 King Cup
The 1984 King Cup was the 26th season of the knockout competition since its establishment in 1956.
Al-Ahli were the defending champions but they finished as runners-up.
Al-Hilal won the competition for the fifth time, beating the defending champions Al-Ahli 4–0 in the final at the Youth Welfare Stadium in Riyadh.
Source: Al-Jazirah
The matches of the Round of 32 were played on 21, 22, 23 and 25 March 1984.
The Round of 16 matches were held on 29 and 30 March 1984.
The Quarter-final matches were held on 5 and 6 April 1984.
The four winners of the quarter-finals progressed to the semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on 12 and 13 April 1984.
All times are local, AST ().
The final was played between Al-Hilal and Al-Ahli in the Youth Welfare Stadium in Riyadh.
Al-Ahli were appearing in their 13th final while Al-Hilal reached the final for the 9th time.
Edinburgh and St Andrews Universities by-election
Edinburgh and St Andrews Universities by-election may refer to:
William Dennis (priest)
William Dennis was Anglican priest in Ireland in the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
Dennis was educated at Trinity College, Dublin.
A Prebendary of Kilrossanty in Lismore Cathedral, Ireland, he was appointed Archdeacon of Lismore in 11723.
He died in June 1749 and is buried in the grounds of Waterford Cathedral.
Anna Poole, Lady Poole
Anna Poole QC is a Senator of the College of Justice in Scotland.
Prior to her appointment, she was a Judge of the Upper Tribunal, Administrative Appeals Chamber.
Lady Poole was educated at Madras College, and at Oxford.
Lady Poole first practiced as a solicitor in London before returning to Scotland, where she made her name as an expert in administrative law.
She was appointed as a Standing Junior to the Scottish Government in 2002, was made Second Standing Junior in 2009, and First Standing Junior Counsel in 2010, making her the Government's first choice for counsel in matters of constitutional or administrative importance.
In 2012, she took silk, becoming Queen's Counsel.
Her sterling reputation led to her appointment in 2014 as a part-time First tier Tribunal Judge in the Social Entitlement Chamber and she was elevated to a salaried judge of the Upper Tribunal in 2018.
In addition to her legal career, Lady Poole worked at the Universities of Dundee and Edinburgh as a research assistant and a tutor respectively, and serves as Chancellor for the Diocese of Edinburgh.
She is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, after completing a course in arbitration at the University of Aberdeen.
Lady Poole was formally installed at a ceremony in Parliament House on 10 January 2020.
She is a co-author of a book on judicial review with Sheriff Frances McCartney and Lorna Drummond QC ("A Practical Guide to Public Law Litigation in Scotland" Drummond et al, 2019) and is a contributor to "Court of Session Practice" edited by Lord Donald MacFadyen
List of Chromebooks
Google supports its Chromebook chipsets for a maximum of 6.5 years.
As of November 2019, Chromium OS reports the product end of life date in the "About this Chromebook" section of device settings.
The hardware generation and Linux kernel version of most products can be inferred from the code name and its corresponding video game series:
Nathaniel Atcheson
Nathaniel Atcheson (1772-1825) was an English ship-owner who was appointed secretary to a Committee of London shipowners and the Society of Ship-Owners of Great Britain with whom the London Committee was associated.
In 1806 he started conducted research on ship-builders in London with the help of Charles Jenkinson.
He wrote to a number of ship builders to enquire how many ships they had built since December 1802.
Unkei (crater)
Unkei is a crater on Mercury.
Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976, after the Japanese sculptor Unkei.
The peak-ring basin Chekhov is to the south of Unkei.
Komi alphabets
During its existence, the writing of the Komi language changed its graphic basis several times and was repeatedly reformed.
Currently, Komi writing functions in Cyrillic.
In the history of Komi writing there are 5 stages:
The Komi-Zyryan and Komi-Permyak languages almost throughout their written history (except for the end of the 19th - beginning of the 20th centuries) used the same writing.
The first writing for the Komi language was compiled by the missionary Stefan of Perm around 1372—1375.
This writing was created for the needs of the Christianization of the Komi Territory.
It is believed that when choosing the type of letters Stefan of Perm was guided by both the Greek and Cyril alphabet, and the traditional Komi tribal characters — .
This writing was called "An-Bur" (by the name of the first two letters of the alphabet).
To this day, several icons with inscriptions on the barn have survived (for example, the ), as well as a number of handwritten lines in books.
The total volume of preserved coherent texts on the embankment is 236 words.
Starting from the XVIII century, separate publications of Komi texts appear both in the Latin alphabet and in the Cyrillic alphabet.
So, in the second edition of Nicolaes Witsen’s book “Noord en Oost Tartarye” ("Northern and Eastern Tataria"), published in 1705, a translation of the prayer “Our Father” into the Komi language, written in Latin, was published.
In 1787–1789, in the book of Peter Simon Pallas “Comparative Dictionary of All Languages and Adverbs”, about 200 words were published in the Komi language in Cyrillic.
In 1808, students of the Vologda Theological Seminary Philip Kozlov compiled the first grammar of the Komi-Zyryan language.
It used the alphabet based on the Cyrillic alphabet: А а, Б б, В в, Г г, Д д, Е е, Ж ж, З з, И и, І і, К к, Л л, М м, Н н, О о, Ӧ ӧ, П п, Р р, С с, Т т, У у, Ч ч, Ӵ ӵ, Ш ш, ъ, Ы ы, ь, Ю ю, Я я.
This grammar has not been published.
In 1813, on the basis of this grammar, the teacher of the same seminary, A. F. Flerov, released the first printed Komi grammar - “Zyryan Grammar, Published from the Main Directorate of Schools”.
In the 1820s and 1950s, a whole series of Komi grammars and dictionaries were published that used various Komi language recording systems, both Cyrillic (P.I.Savvaitov, A.M.Sjögren) and Latinized (M.A.Castren).
In the second half of the 19th century, on the basis of previously created grammars, two main systems for recording the Komi language developed.
So, in the works of G.S.Lytkin, in addition to standard Russian letters, the signs ӧ, j, the ligatures ԫ, ꚉ were used, and the softness of the consonants was indicated by a diacritic grave sign.
For a number of other authors, the softness of consonants was indicated by the addition of the sign j.
In the last years of the 19th century, the active publication of Alphabet book in the Komi-Zyryan and Komi-Permyak languages begins.
These primers were compiled by different authors and they used different versions of the Komi Cyrillic alphabet.
"The differences between the alphabets of the Komi primers of the XIX — early XX centuries from the modern alphabet":
Due to the lack of a standard alphabet and the insignificance of editions in the Komi language (about 60-70 books and brochures in Komi were published in 1813-1914), these alphabets did not receive significant distribution among the population.
In 1918, the sphere of use of the Komi language expanded significantly - teaching was introduced in schools, local newspapers began to publish separate articles in the Komi language, etc.
Under these conditions, the need arose to create a permanent alphabet and develop spelling norms.
In May – June 1918, a meeting of teachers was held in Ust-Sysolsk, at which teacher V.A.Molodtsov spoke and acquainted the meeting participants with their draft alphabet for the Komi language.
In August of the same year, at a meeting of teachers in Ust-Vym, Molodtsov's alphabet was approved.
The lack of necessary fonts did not immediately allow us to begin publishing printed materials in this alphabet, which is why until 1920 a modified Russian alphabet was used, compiled by A.A.Zember.
Molodtsov’s alphabet was based on the Cyrillic alphabet, but had a number of specific letters to indicate soft consonants and affricates.
Since 1921, an active book publishing began on this alphabet.
Despite the merits of this alphabet (strict phonemic, economical writing), it also had a number of drawbacks, the main of which was the complexity of the handwriting due to the special form of characters for soft consonants.
Back in 1924, Professor A.N.
Gren proposed translating the Komi script on a Latinized basis.
According to his design, the alphabet should include the following letters: A a, B b, D d, Dj dj, E e, G g, Zs zs, Dzs dzs, I i, J j, K k, L l, Lj lj, M m, N n, Nj nj, O o, Ö ö, P p, R r, S s, Sj sj, Sch sch, Cs cs, Csj csj, T t, Tj tj, U u, V v, Y y , Z z, Zj zj, Dz dz.
At that time, few supported Grena, but at that time an active process of the Latinization of writing began in the USSR, and soon this question was raised again.
In 1929, at the Komi Linguistic Conference of Glavnauki, a resolution was adopted on the need to switch to the Latinized alphabet, using the experience of Latinizing the Turkic scripts of the peoples of the USSR.
In September 1930, the Bureau of the Komi Regional Committee of the All-Union Communist Party of Bolsheviks (Bolsheviks) formally decided to translate the Komi script into Latin.
The alphabet itself was approved in November 1931, after which the transfer of paperwork, education and publishing to a new script began.
This process was generally completed in 1934.
The Latin Komi alphabet essentially became a transliteration of the youthful alphabet — it retained strict phonemicity, the designation of soft consonants by adding a “tail” to the letter, and special signs for affricates.
Thus, both the advantages and disadvantages of the previous letter were preserved.
The change in the political situation in the USSR in the mid-1930s led to the abandonment of the Latinized Komi alphabet — the country began the process of cyrillization.
Regarding the writing of Komi, this resulted in a rejection of the Latin alphabet in 1936.
Instead, Molodtsov’s alphabet was restored, but in 1938 it was replaced by a new version of the Cyrillic alphabet, much more similar to the Russian script.
For the Komi-Permyak language in May 1937, the district alphabetical commission approved the alphabet containing all 33 letters of the Russian alphabet and additional signs Җ җ, Ҙ ҙ, І і, Ӧ ӧ, Ӹ ӹ (the author of the project is V.I.Yakimov).
In July 1937, this version of the alphabet was discussed at the Leningrad branch of the Institute of Language and Writing, where it underwent some changes — Ә ә, Җ җ, Ҙ ҙ, І і, Ӵ ӵ became additional signs to the 33 letters of the Russian letter.
However, a few days later the Central Institute of Language and Writing in Moscow recommended replacing the signs Җ җ, Ҙ ҙ, Ӵ ӵ with digraphs "дж, дз, тш".
In the final version of the alphabet, the sign Ә ә was replaced by "Ӧ ӧ".
The modern alphabet for the Komi-Zyryan and Komi-Permyak languages was introduced in 1938.
It contains all the letters of the Russian alphabet, as well as the signs Ӧ ӧ and І і. Digraphs дж, дз and тш are used to indicate affricates.
Sometimes these digraphs are included in the alphabet, sometimes not.
The letter І і (“hard "І і"”) is used after the letters "д, з, л, н, с, т" to denote their hardness (before “ordinary” "И" they are soft).
The letter Ӧ ӧ denotes the non-labialized sound of the middle row of the middle rise.
The softness of the consonants is indicated by the soft sign following them.
"Modern Komi alphabet":
The Komi-Yazva language, long considered one of the dialects of the Komi-Permian language, received its original writing only in the early 2000s, when the first primer was published on it.
The alphabet of this publication includes all the letters of the Russian alphabet, the specific characters Ӧ ӧ, Ө ө, Ӱ ӱ, as well as digraphs дж, дч, тш.
The later Russian-Komi-Yazvin dictionary contains an alphabet that has, in addition to the 33 Russian letters І і, Ӧ ӧ, Ө ө, Ӱ ӱ.
Moreover, affricates are indicated by combinations of letters "дз, дж, тш" (they are not considered separate letters in this edition) and the letter "ч".
Publications in the of the Komi language use standard Komi writing.
Erev
Erev is a 1983 novel by Eli Schechtman.
Erev(novel) was written in USSR and contained four parts.
The full Erev written and published in Israel in 1983 contain seven parts.
The novel deals with the lives of Jews in Russia from the beginning of the twentieth century until the end of World War II.
"Erev" was the first Yiddish-language novel published in the Soviet Union after the death of Joseph Stalin, and the central work of Schechtman's literary career.
Its first four parts were serialised in "Sovetish Heymland" from 1962 and were published in censored form as a book in Moscow in 1965.The full Yiddish text of "Erev" was published in Israel in seven parts in 1983.
The novel was translated into Russian by and appeared in 2005.
A French translation (by ) appeared in 2018.
The novel tells the story of a Jewish family in Eastern Europe over four centuries, from its escape from a blood libel in medieval Germany to Russia in the early twentieth century.
It explores the fate of Yiddish culture during the 20th century – beginning at the end of the Russo-Japanese War – and ending at the end of World War II and the creation of Israel through the history of the Boiar family.
The novel paints a rich and intricate gallery of characters confronted with continuous persecutors whose ideology varies from Czarism to Stalinism and Nazism.
The Boiar family, although decimated by the violent upheavals of the era, never gave up fighting for their spiritual and physical survival.
Gennady Estraikh has described "Erev" as "one of the most accomplished novels in postwar Yiddish literature".
Writing in the "Jewish Quarterly" in 1978, Elias Schulman argued that "If Soviet Yiddish literature could still produce a novel of the stature and quality of
"Erev" and [Nathan] Zabare's two-part masterpiece ["Unter der heyser zun fun Provans" and its sequel "S'iz nokh groys der tog"], we can assuredly assume that Russian Jewry has not yet exhausted its resources, and that Soviet Yiddish culture can yet be revived."
Eli Schechtman
Tsunenobu
Tsunenobu (written: , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name.
Notable people with the name include:
Jaron Morgan
Jaron Morgan (born 27 September 1995) is an Australian cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 15 January 2020, for the Perth Scorchers in the 2019–20 Big Bash League season.
Prior to his T20 debut, he was named as the captain of Australia's squad for the 2014 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
Born in Johannesburg, Morgan and his family moved to Perth at the age of two.
Coining press
A coining press is a manually operated machine that allows coins to be minted from planchets.
Although it was very popular for centuries, nowadays, it has not been used for some time for it has been outdated by more modern machines.
Each die press can have different shapes and mainly different accessories (to collect the coin already minted or others).
The basic elements are listed below.
The minting of a coin with an coining press was performed in a single operation.
The body was placed on the lower matrix (called the pile and with the negative on one of the faces of the coin) and the upper matrix (called the piece with the negative on the other side of the coin) was lowered by means of the press of coining (of inercy wheel or balls; also called grinder).
The bit rate and kinetic energy allowed the two sides of the body to be shaped.
It was a cold deformation of the metal.
Desired and controlled deformation (conformation / conforming).
Similarly as it used to be done in the early "times of the hammer":
""After this the "flam" were distributed to the moneyers to have the impressions put on them.
Each moneyer had two irons or puncheons, one of which was callcd the "pile” and the other the “ trussell” The "pile” was from seven to eight inches long, and was firmly fixed in a block of wood (called "ceppeau ' in the French Ordonnances).
On the pile” was engraved one side of the coin, and on the " trussell,” the other.
The “flan "being placed on the “pile" the " trussell" was applied to the upper side of it by means of a twisted wand, or by the hand, and the moneyer then struck the end of the puncheon with the hammer until the impression was produced on the "flan.”"
It is noteworthy that the piece went down without turning, pushed by a threaded bar that did rotate.
This involved a threaded / torsion bar joint that allowed rotation and an anti-torsion system.
Wergeland (crater)
Wergeland is a crater on Mercury.
Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976, after the Norwegian poet Henrik Arnold Wergeland.
The peak-ring basin Chekhov is to the west of Wergeland.
Babrak Khan
Babrak Khan (died ) was a Zadran chieftain who was the father of Saad Akbar Babrak, the person who assassinated the first Prime Minister of Pakistan, Liaqat Ali Khan, as well as the father of Mazrak Zadran, a rebel leader during the Afghan tribal revolts of 1944–1946.
In 1898, Babrak had under him five companies of Zadran Khasadars, whom he maintained on a contract system with emir Abdur Rahman Khan, but these were subsequently disbanded and their place taken by regular troops.
According to Ludwig Adamec, he took part in quelling the Khost rebellion of 1912, even though the Zadran tribe (which he was supposedly chief of) was fighting against the Afghan government, according to the "Britannica Year book 1913".
Zadrans burnt his tower in 1913.
In 1917, he headed a deputation of leading Zadran Maliks which visited the Nazim of Khost with a view to making peace with the British.
He also tried to restrain Zadrans from troubling the Tochi border.
In March 1919, Babrak left for Kabul with Sayyid Musa Shah Mandozai to offer allegiance to Amanullah Khan.
In May, he despatched messengers to Miranshah and Sherani to summon Maliks.
During the Third Anglo-Afghan War, he accompanied the Afghan Army as far as Matun and was said to have participated in Nadir Khan's attack on Thal.
For his efforts in the war, he was promoted to honorary Brigadier and "Naib Salar".
Sources disagree on the circumstances surrounding Babrak's death.
In March 1924, a rebellion broke out in Khost, and the Zadran tribe was among the tribes opposing the Afghan government, according to "A Guide to Intra-state Wars".
Ludwig Adamec and David B. Edwards agree that Babrak died fighting in the Khost rebellion, but disagree about which year - Edwards places it in 1924, and Adamec places it in 1925.
Adamec and Edwards both state that Babrak fought for the Afghan government, "against" what would be his own tribe according to "A Guide to Intra-state Wars".
However, George Fetherling states that Babrak "did" lead the Zadran revolt, and died fighting against the Afghan government, upon which he was succeeded by his son, Mazrak Zadran.
Rhea Talley Stewart appears to contradict claims that Babrak led the Zadran tribe during the Khost rebellion, stating that the Zadran were led by Burland Khan at this time.
Charlie Brown Jr. discography
The discography of Charlie Brown Jr., a Brazilian alternative rock band, consists of ten studio albums, five video albums, three live albums, one promotional extended play, one compilation, one demo tape and forty singles.
The band was formed in Santos, São Paulo in 1992 from the ashes of What's Up, a former project of vocalist Chorão that, by the time of its demise, already had in its line-up bassist Champignon, guitarists Marcão and Thiago Castanho, and drummer Renato Pelado.
In 1994 they released their first demo and Champignon sent it to record producer Tadeu Patolla, who in his turn showed it to his friend Rick Bonadio; Bonadio then secured the band a contract with Virgin Records and their debut, "Transpiração Contínua Prolongada", came out in 1997.
Castanho left the band in 2001, after the release of their third album "Nadando com os Tubarões", and they continued as a quartet until "Tamo Aí na Atividade", when a series of creative divergences prompted the departure of its entire line-up.
After a brief hiatus, Chorão reactivated the band in 2005 with Heitor Gomes on bass, André Pinguim on drums and Castanho returning as guitarist.
Pinguim's contract expired in 2008, after which he was replaced by Bruno Graveto, and in 2011, following the departure of Gomes, Marcão and Champignon returned to make Charlie Brown Jr. a quintet again.
While the band was working on their tenth studio album, "La Familia 013", Chorão died due to a cocaine overdose on March 6, 2013, effectively ending the group's activities.
Six months later, on September 9, Champignon committed suicide by firearm after struggling with anxiety and depression.
The album, eventually their last, was released posthumously on October 8.
Kasidit Samrej
Kasidit Samrej (born 20 January 2001) is a Thai tennis player.
Samrej has a career high ATP singles ranking of 1046 achieved on 13 January 2020.
He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 1494 achieved on 2 December 2019.
Samrej represents Thailand at the Davis Cup, where he has a W/L record of 0–1.
Crookstown
Crookstown may refer to:
Chalender, Arizona
Chalender or Challender was a populated place in Coconino County, Arizona.
It had a mainline railway station, sawmill, and school.
It was located on the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad between Williams and Bellemont.
Boocame District
Boocame District is a district in the northern Sool region of Somalia.
Its capital lies at Boocame.
Davy Kiprotich Koech
Prof. Davy Kiprotich Koech alias "(DK)" (born 21 August 1951) is a Kenyan scientist.He is currently the Chief Executive Officer Centre for Clinical & Molecular Sciences; Professor of Immunology & Molecular Medicine; Distinguished Professor, The Australian-Asian Institute of Civil Leadership..
Prof. Koech was born on 21 August 1951 in a small village, Motero, Soliat Sub-Location of the Kericho County.
His parents were Samuel Kipkoech (aka Kipruto) Mitei and Helen Mitei.
He attended his early years of education at Soliat Primary School, some 4 kilometers from his home between 1956 and 1959 (Class 1-4) after which he proceeded to Sitotwet Intermediate School (now Torit School) (1960-1963) where he sat the Kenya African Preliminary Examination (KAPE) and then to Cheribo Primary School (1964) where he sat the Kenya Preliminary Education (KPE) exams.
His secondary education was undertaken at the Kericho High School where he sat the Ordinary Level of the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate.
G.C.E.
(Nov. 1968) and proceeded to Strathmore College where he sat for his University of London, General Certificate of Education, Advanced Level (Jan 1970) and further to the University of Nairobi completing in April 1974.
Koech attended the University of Nairobi where he undertook a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Zoology completing in April 1974.
He later went ahead to acquire a Master of Science in Pharmacology specializing in Clinical Pharmacology at Duquesne University, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA in 1977.
Prof. Koech has a PhD in Medical Pathology, Immunology from the University of Nairobi, Kenya; research undertaken at Harvard University Medical School, Boston, MA, USA in 1980.
He has other academic qualifications from various universities and institutes across the world.
He has served in various positions in the Government of Kenya and other different organizations in the private sector and international bodies.
Prof. Koech has undertaken several research works in his field of study and practice.
He has had papers published in local and international journals.
Prof. Davy Koech was appointed by the former president of the Republic of Kenya to head the Davy Koech Commission that formed an inquiry into Kenya's Education System.
In the 1990's Prof. Davy Koech by then the Director of Kenya Medical Research Institute and Dr. Arthur O. Obel ,the Chief Research Officer published in two medical journals the initial results of the new found drug "Kemron" that was perceived from the preliminary study of 10 patients to cure AIDS.
The drug was introduced in a public ceremony presided by Kenya's former President, Daniel Toroitch Arap Moi and the work of the new wonder drug discovered was hailed as a major step against AIDS and a win for African Science by the former Vice President and Finance Minister George Saitoti.
Kemron was the trade name for a low-dose of alpha interferon, manufactured form of a natural body chemical in a tablet form that dissolves in the mouth.
Clinical trials of Kemron funded by WHO in five African Countries did not find any health benefits reported by Kemri Scientists.
Thereafter, WHO in a press release in its Headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland termed Kemron as an experimental drug of unproved benefit for HIV/AIDS treatment.
The American National Institute of Health concluded that no one had been able to duplicate the effects claimed by scientists behind Kemron drug.
List of African-American newspapers in Washington (state)
This is a list of African-American newspapers that have been published in the state of Washington.
It includes both current and historical newspapers.
The first such newspaper in Washington was the "Seattle Standard", established in 1890. Notable current newspapers in Washington include "The Facts" and the "Seattle Medium".
Speed skating at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics – Boys' mass start
The boys' mass start speed skating competition of the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics was held at Lake St. Moritz on 16 January 2020.
The first semifinal was held at 11:30, the second at 11:40.
The final was held at 12:40.
Werner Klein
Werner Klein (born 25 January 1950 in Burbach (Saarbrücken) is a German entrepeneur, investor and former racing driver residing in Switzerland.
After graduating as a merchant in wholesale and foreign trade, Klein took over his parents' beverage wholesale "Klein Getränke GmbH" in Saarbrücken and founded the "alldrink Getränkefachmarktkette" ("alldrink chain of warehouse stores for beverages").
Due to changes in trade, he established a system-controlled logistics center for beverages in Neunkirchen/Saar in 1995.
In 1998, first "HM InterDrink Getränke Service GmbH" and subsequently "Winkels Getränke Holding" took over the majority of "Klein Getränke GmbH", which merged with "Gross Getränkevertrieb GmbH" in 2001.
From 2000 to 2002 Klein was a member of the Business Angels network of the IHK Saarland At the end of 2002 he relocated to Switzerland and founded "ProCon Invest AG" (real estate and investments).
In 2014 Klein bought the business premises of C&A in Ulm.
In 2019 the foundation of "ProCon Real Estate GbR", a family office, took place.
Klein's real estate investments became known through transactions in inner-city prime locations.
Werner Klein is the father of two children, son Marc and daughter Linda, is engaged to Christina Kellenberger and lives in Lucerne on Lake Lucerne.
Between 1972 and 1977 Klein was an active racing driver, winning the Formula Vee on the AVUS racing track in Berlin in 1974 and finishing on fourth place in the Formula Three championship in 1976.
Society of Ship-Owners of Great Britain
The Society of Ship-Owners of Great Britain (SOGB) was an organisation established by British ship-owners in 1802 to defend their interests by opposing breaches of the Navigation Acts.
The decision to form the organisation was reached at a meeting held on 22 June in London.
The ship owners were concerned that while their operating costs such as taxation, naval supplies, wages and insurance, had increased, foreign competition meant their freight rates were kept low.
Many ships stood idle while others ran at a loss.
They campaigned for American ships to be excluded from British colonies and fought the American Intercourse Bill of 1806.
The SOGB was organised around port committees with the principal committee being that of London.
The committee was composed as follows:
Chairman: John Hill (also trustee)
Nathaniel Atcheson was appointed secretary for both the London Committee and that of the society as a whole.
Secretaries were appointed for other ports:
Ship owners from Bristol, Leith, Kirkcaldy, Bridlington and various other ports expressed an interest in supporting the association.
The SOGB published material relevant to shipowners and their campaigns.
Laundry list
Laundry list may refer to:
Ubari conflict
The Ubari conflict is an ongoing territorial dispute between the Taureg and Tubu tribes over control of the town of Ubari, located near the oasis city of Sabha, Libya.
The conflict began in September 2014, when the Tuareg and Tubu fought for control of the city.
The Arab Awlad Suliman tribe, an enemy of the Tubu, supported the Taureg in what they viewed as combating Tubu expansionism.
The Taureg took positions on Tendi Mountain, north of the city, while the Tubu took most of the Eastern side of town and adjacent foothills, cutting off the Eastern road leading to the Taureg stronghold of Sabha, in Western Libya.
As the conflict progressed, both sides received reinforcements.
The Tubu mobilized several hundred tribesmen from neighboring Chad and Niger, as well as recruiting fighters from Sudan.
The Taureg mobilized in Ghat, and Sabha, bringing several hundred of its fighters to Ubari.
On 23 November 2015, Qatar mediated a ceasefire between the Taureg and Tubu; both groups agreed to withdraw from Ubari, and allowed for Arab tribesmen of the Hasawna tribe to enter the city to act as peacekeepers.
In March 2017, representatives from the Tuareg, Tebu, and Awlad Suleiman signed a peace treaty in Rome as a replacement for a failed 2015 ceasefire brokered by Qatar.
In February 2019, both the Taureg and Tubu temporarily united under the GNA and its Taureg commander Gen. Ali Kanna to defend against advances by the LNA under General Khalifa Haftar in Fezzan.
Widhwidh District
Widhwidh District is a district in Ayn, Somalia.
Its capital lies at Widhwidh.
Clarisse Coignet
Clarisse Coignet (1823-1918) is a French moral philosopher, educator, and historian.
She was also associated with the social and political movement called "La Morale independante", which advanced the idea that morality is independent from science and religion.
Coignet was born in Montagney, a commune of Rougemont.
Her father Joseph Gauthier, was a master blacksmith while her mother Virginie Génisset was a professor of Latin literature at a university in Besançon.
She was also the niece of the writer and a cousin of Victor Considerant.
In 1850, Coignet married Francois Coignet, a noted French civil engineer and industrialist.
The couple had three children, including Lucy Coignet, the wife of Count Gérando-Teleki.
Coignet is considered an important figure in the French socio-political movement called "La Morale independente", which emerged in the 18th century.
Particularly, she exerted her influence when she became the editor of the newspaper that promoted its agenda, which focused on the liberal ideals of the French Revolution and the secularization of education.
Coignet's early works had been influenced by the reform of the French educational system after the proclamation of the French Third Republic.
This is, for example, demonstrated in her defense of the public education published in 1856 as well as her account of the life of Elisa Grimailh Lemonnier, an educator who founded professional schools for young women.
In 1873, she criticized Catholicism as "the most powerful expression of intellectual despotism the human mind has ever presented".
Coignet is also known for her biographical account of her relatives, such as Clarisse Vigoureux and her cousin Victor and his socialist politics.
Coignet proposed her idea of evolving independent morality, which reflected the issues addressed in the philosophical discussions of her time.
Her main argument was that morality should not be grounded in science or religion since it is produced by humans.
She primarily explored this theory in the published work called "La Morale independante dans son principe et son objet" (1869), which was also partly influenced by Immanuel Kant.
This work emerged out of her writings for the "La Morale independante" newspaper.
Coignet's theory identified the concept of freedom as the basis of internal morality, one that is distinguished from external morality, which is derived from philosophy or natural science.
This was explained in the case of a tribal chief who constantly beats his wife.
The woman puts a stop to it when she realized her worth and her freedom, allowing her to regard her husband with reproach, awakening his conscience as a result.
According to the thinker, freedom is an irreducible first principle of human existence and, hence, of moral science.
Coignet further clarified her arguments on morality and religion in the book "De Kant a Bergson: reconciliation de la religion et de la science dans un spiritualisme nouveu" (1911).
Ellesmere Colliery
Ellesmere Colliery was a coal mine in Walkden, Manchester, England.
The pit was located on Manchester Road, a short distance south of Walkden town centre.
There were three shafts on the colliery site, with a fourth upcast shaft located a distance to the NNW.
No.
1 shaft was sunk to the Five Quarters mine at a depth of .
The deep No.
2 shaft and No.
3 shaft were located on either side of the engine house.
The 1866 engine house contained a central ventilator and the winding engine was from local iron founder's Nasmyth Wilson, which powered a 30-inch by 54-inch winder.
It wound one cage in each shaft and the winding drum had a stepped and diameter to cater for the differing depths.
The 1800s wooden headgear was replaced with metal structures in the 20th century, with one surviving until 1955.
At least one of the shafts intersected the underground canal of the Worsley Navigable Levels, and although coal winding ceased in 1921 it was retained for water pumping and ventilation.
The colliery was served by the Bridgewater Collieries Railway, which connected other lines such as the LNWR and also to the Bridgewater Canal.
The Walkden Yard maintenance depot was later constructed on the western side of the pit.
The Walkden offices of the company were also located to the southwest of the site.
Bridgewater merged with others to form Manchester Collieries in 1929.
The electrification of Ellesmere engine plant in 1936 led to the closure of the nearby Roughfield Colliery.
Pumping continued until 1968 and after the National Coal Board demolished the buildings at both sites and the shafts were filled-in.
Sometime later a violent explosion occurred in a house in Walkden caused by firedamp accumulating underground and eventually forcing its way to the surface.
To prevent a recurrence a borehole was drilled down No.1 shaft and a methane extraction plant built at the top.
Li Chaoyan
Li Chaoyan is a Chinese Paralympic athlete.
He won the gold medal in the men's marathon T46 event at the 2016 Summer Paralympics held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Vaanku
Vaanku () is an upcoming Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Kavya Prakash based on the 2018 short story of the same name by Unni R. Produced by Shimoga Creations, 7 J Films, and Trends Ad Film Makers, in association with Unni R., the film stars Anaswara Rajan, Nandhana Varma, Gopika Ramesh, and Meenakshi Unnikrishnan in the lead roles.
Anaswara stars as Rasiya, a girl who desires to sing aloud Adhan, the Islamic summons to prayer.
It also features Joy Mathew, Thesni Khan, Vineeth, Sreekanth Murali, and Prakash Bare in supporting roles.
The screenplay was written by Shabna Mohammed, and Ouseppachan composed the soundtrack.
Arjun Ravi served as the cinematographer.
Development of the film began in September 2018 and principal photography took place in June 2019.
Fabio Alverà
Fabio Alverà (born June 1, 1959 in Cortina d'Ampezzo) is an Italian curler and curling coach.
He participated in the 2006 Winter Olympics, where the Italian men's team finished in seventh place.
His daughter Eleonora is also an Italian curler.
She played in the 2006 Winter Olympics as a member of the Italian women's team.
His sister Claudio is an Italian champion curler.
Eleonora and Claudia played together at the .
His son Alberto is also a curler.
Garowe Online
<mapframe latitude="8.394114" longitude="48.47482" zoom="6" width="400" height="300" align="right" />
Garowe Online is an independent bilingual news website founded in 2004 and is owned by Garowe News Group, which also owns Radio Garowe.
The organisation is based in Garowe, the capital of Puntland state of Somalia.
The site mainly provides news about Somalia, Horn of Africa, Africa and, once in a while, from around the world.
It focuses on security, politics and humanitarian affairs.
As Somalia doesn’t have a reliable daily newspaper, owing to its decades of conflict, Garowe Online is among the main sources of news for the public in Somalia as well as the diaspora.
The website publishes news in both Somali language and English.
Its competitors in Somalia include Hiraan and Goobjoog News although the Horn Diplomat.
C. Frank Wheatley Jr.
C. Frank Wheatley Jr. (1927 – October 18, 2014) was an electrical engineer responsible for breakthrough research and a number of innovations within the semiconductor industry, including the patent of the insulated-gate bipolar transistor (IGBT).
His work within the semiconductor industry garnered him a variety of awards, including his induction into the New Jersey Inventors Hall of Fame.
He hails from Baltimore, Maryland.
The University of Maryland inducted Wheatley into the Hall of Fame of the A. James Clark School of Engineering.
He has also received three awards from RCA, four from Harris Corporation, and five from the IEEE.
Shanghai Airport Authority
Shanghai Airport Authority (SAA) is the state-owned enterprise under Shanghai Municipal Government and operates both Shanghai Pudong International Airport and Hongqiao International Airport.
SAA was established in 1998 and aims to manage Shanghai airports to be the core air hub in the Asia-Pacific region.
Robert F. Hyde
Robert Finley Hyde is an American businessman, lobbyist, and political candidate.
Hyde gained attention during the Impeachment of Donald Trump as a figure associated with the Trump–Ukraine scandal.
He runs a lobbying firm, Finley Hyde & Associates, in Washington, D.C.
Hyde was raised in Canton, Connecticut, and attended Central Connecticut State University.
He served in the United States Marine Corps from 1999 to 2005, and was deployed twice to Iraq.
He started a landscape company, RF Landscaping and Construction, in 2000.
In June 2019, Hyde filed to challenge Senator Richard Blumenthal in the 2022 United States Senate elections.
In August 2019, Hyde launched a congressional campaign to unseat Jahana Hayes.
Following sexually crude comments Hyde made about Kamala Harris, Connecticut Republicans called on Hyde to end his campaign, and the Connecticut Republican Party refunded the contributions he made to the party.
Hyde opposes red flag laws and universal background checks, and supports legalizing recreational marijuana use.
Hyde has promoted the far-right QAnon conspiracy theory.
Hyde has made monetary contributions to various politicians, candidates, and organizations, including Donald Trump, Devin Nunes, Greg Pence, Patrick Morrisey, Jim Renacci, America First Action, and the Tea Party Majority Fund.
Finley Enterprises LLC, which runs Finley's campaign page, managed several pro-Trump Facebook pages that would later be suspended by Facebook for coordinated inauthentic behavior.
Hyde was in communication with Lev Parnas, and reportedly had associates in Ukraine monitoring the movements of then-Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch.
Hyde shared timely information about the ambassador's movements, location and security coverage: "She's talked to three people.
Her phone is off.
Computer is off.
She's next to the embassy… Private security."
and "They will let me know when she’s on the move… They are willing to help if you/we would like a price."
The revelations were of great concern to various former foreign service officers and the former ambassador asked for an investigation into this activity.
In a subsequent interview with Eric Bolling, Hyde claimed that he was joking.
In an interview with Rachel Maddow on MSNBC on January 15, 2020, Lev Parnas said he did not believe that Hyde was being truthful, though he identified many other alleged participants discussing their roles in the Trump–Ukraine scandal.
He also attributed Hyde's behavior to being "drunk all the time."
On January 16, 2020, Hyde's home and office in Connecticut were searched by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Hyde is legally deaf, and uses a service dog, a German Shepherd named Thunder.
In May 2011 in Avon, Connecticut, Hyde was arrested and charged with reckless endangerment after his landscape company felled a tree onto an overhead power line.
According to Hyde, the case was later dropped and the fine covered by his insurance provider.
In May 2019, Hyde was taken into police custody at the Trump National Doral Miami after telling an officer that "a hit man was out to get [him]", and was detained under the Florida Mental Health Act and Marchman Act.
In 2019, Hyde was also reported to police for trespassing at the First Church of Christ in Connecticut.
In November 2019, Hyde was compelled by a magistrate to make child support payments to Jennyfer Morin to support their 13-year old child.
He was also sued by Between the Bridges, LLC for failing to pay fees owed to a marina in Old Saybrook, Connecticut in January 2019, and by a landlord in Simsbury, Connecticut in February 2019 over unpaid rent.
Hyde violated a restraining order issued by a judge in Washington, D.C., ordering him to stay away from a female Republican political consultant who said Hyde was stalking her, leading police to confiscate three rifles and two shotguns from him.
Changde Apartment
Changde Apartment (), formerly known as Eddington House, is located at 195 , Jing'an District, Shanghai, close to Nanjing West Road and .
The apartment was built on Hede Road, in 1936.
It consists of eight floors and is decorated in an Art Deco style.
It was originally the property of the Italian Raoul Faith and the majority of its occupants were middle to upper class people.
In 1994, Changde Apartment was designated among the second batch of outstanding historical buildings in Shanghai.
The Jing’an Temple District has been a bustling commercial and cultural centre in Shanghai for decades.
In contrast with many of the high-rise buildings which surround it, Changde Apartment is a perfectly-sealed time capsule of its era.
This building’s fame is due to the fact that in 1939, a 20-year-old Eileen Chang lived with her mother and aunt in Unit 51.
At that time, Changde Apartment had only been built in an Art Deco style for three years.
The apartment contains eight floors.
The Bund can be seen from the balcony.
In 1942, Eileen Chang moved back into the apartment complex, this time in Unit 65, where she lived for the following six years.
She lived and studied in Changde Apartment.
She would visit the market and the cinema during her stay there and could only fall asleep to the sound of local trams clinking at night.
She also got together with the elevator attendant of the apartment complex.
The sixth floor was the place where Hu Lancheng attempted to visit Eileen Chang.
After knocking on the door and receiving no answer, Hu stuffed a slip of paper in the narrow slit between the door and the ground, which later proved to be the starting point for an ill-fated romantic relationship.
The six years during which Eileen Chang lived here became the golden age of her literary creations.
A few of her most important works including "Sealed Off" （《封锁》）, "Red Rose White Rose" （《红玫瑰与白玫瑰》） , "The Golden Cangue" （《金锁记》）, and "Love in a Fallen City" （《倾城之恋》）made their way out from the Changde Apartment and into the public's vision.
It was in Changde Apartment where Eileen Chang and Hu Lancheng met, as well as where they separated from each other.
After this period, she moved out of the apartment in 1947.
Eileen Chang would observe the city from the balcony of Changde Apartment.
In the prose My View on Su Qing, she wrote: ‘The frontiers of Shanghai undulate slightly, shrouded in the mist of the late dusk.
Although there are no hills, the frontiers create the feeling of range upon range of mountains.
I think of the fate of many people; an ash grey feeling of vast and hazy fates, including my own, arouse from inside me.’ In the article Notes of Delight in the Living of Changde Apartment, Eileen Chang describes her apartment life:
'I like to listen to the sound of the city.
People who are more poetic than me lie on their pillows, listening to the soughing of the wind in the pines from the forest, or the roaring of the crashing waves of the sea.
For me myself, I have to hear the tram ringing to fall sleep … The apartment is the most ideal place to escape.
People who are tired of the metropolis often long to retreat to the tranquil and peaceful countryside.
They are eager to see that one day they can return to the crop land, raise bees and grow vegetables, and enjoy the blessings of living in ease and comfort.
What they don’t realise though, is that in the countryside, buying half a catty of smoked bacon more than needed will cause much gossip.
While at the top loft of the apartment house, there's nothing the least bit serious even if you just have to stand in front of the window and get your clothes changed.'
The writer, Chen Danyan described in the book "Candyfloss Romances in Shanghai" that Changde Apartment was 'painted in the light flesh tone of a woman's makeup setting powder, standing tall and upright under the blue sky in the downtown area of Shanghai.'
When Changde Apartment was still known as Eddington Apartment, there was a cafe on its lower floor.
Every afternoon, Eileen Chang went to the cafe downstairs to relax.
The current Changde Apartment is said to have been bought by a fan of Eileen Chang, so it cannot be entered without permission.
However, the downstairs floor opened an Eileen Chang-themed bookstore, named Eddington Literary House (Qian Cai Shu Fang), which is built according to the style of the period, and this attracts crowds of Eileen Chang fans who come to make a ‘pilgrimage’ for their idol.
Changde Apartment has been referred to as a feminine-looking building.
The salmon pink wall is painted with coffee brown lines.
Presumably due to its age, the building has a slight dull-grey hue, as if the rouge contaminated by the dust that was used by women of old days.
Nevertheless, a row of phoenix trees in front of the building are still very lively.
Changde Apartment is designed according to the surrounding terrain, containing eight floors, with reinforced concrete structure.
It covers a floor area of 580 square metres, a construction area of 2,663 square metres and is equipped with an elevator in an Art Deco style.
The entire building is decorated with delicate partial ornamentations in a concave shape, and the wings turn backward.
The east facade of the building features stretches of long ribbon-shaped balconies, with vertical lines in the middle forming a horizontal and vertical contrast.
The top two floors are retracted towards the middle of the building, two thirds of the width of the others.
The building uses the strong shadow effect formed by the balconies, curving out and the houses, caving in to form rich colour changes.
In the old Changde Apartment, there were three households on each floor, with two or three bedroom units.
Each home was also fitted with a fireplace.
There is a long promenade to the west, which serves as a safe passage and a balcony.
There is a small staircase inside each house.
The eighth floor is the elevator machine room and houses a water tank.
Hu Lancheng described the living room of Unit 51, where Eileen Chang lived, as having 'a modern fresh brightness which is almost thrilling'.
Changde Apartment gained fame due to its inhabitant, Eileen Chang.
After decades, this seemingly ordinary apartment still enjoys popularity.
In 1992, the film "Centre Stage" ("ruǎn líng yù" 《阮玲玉》) starring Maggie Cheung (zhāng màn yù 张曼玉) was shot on the ground floor of the apartment.
It is said that the private studio of director Wong Kar-Wai (wáng jiā wèi 王家卫) is also hidden in the building.
However, the apartment is now a private residence and non-residents are not permitted entry.
Mary DeDecker
Mary Caroline Foster DeDecker (3 October 1909, Guymon, Oklahoma – 2000, Independence, Inyo County, California) was an American botanist, conservationist, environmentalist and founder of the Bristlecone Chapter of the California Native Plant Society.
She discovered six new plants, three of which, including "Dedeckera eurekensis", are named in her honor.
Dedeckera Canyon, south of Eureka Dunes, is also named after her.
Mary Caroline Foster was born 3 October 1909 in Texas County, Oklahoma Barden P. O., later RFD Guymon, in a family of Charles Morrison Foster and Phoebe Arabella Thomphson.
Her father was a farmer and an office manager for Los Angeles DWP.
She studied at Van Nuys High School in the San Fernando Valley and after that completed one year at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
She lived in Zelzah, now Northridge, until she married to Paul DeDecker in 1929.
The couple moved to North Hollywood where their daughters were born in 1932 and 1933.
In 1935 the DeDeckers moved to Independence, Inyo county, California.
Mary DeDecker died in 2000 in Independence at the age of 91 and is buried at Independence Cemetery, Inyo county, California.
In Independence DeDecker met a naturalist Mark Kerr who made an exhibit of the plants and their uses by the Paiute Indians, as well as mounting and labeling many local plants.
He taught DeDecker what some of the plans were and advised to send unknown specimens to Dr. Philip Munz at Rancho Santa Ana Botanic Garden in Claremont and to John Thomas Howell at the Academy of Sciences in San Francisco.
DeDecker started sending plants to them in early 1950s.
In 1954 DeDecker started collecting her herbarium that included over 6 000 specimens.
She became the pre-eminent plant expert in the northern Mojave and Eastern Sierra areas.
In 1966 she published a book called "Mines of the Eastern Sierra."
After 1967 she focused on plant work and didn’t search any other job.
She has been hired or given contracts for many consulting jobs, largely to fulfill the requirements of California Environmental Quality Act.
She discovered six new plants: "Astragalus lentiginosus" var.
"piscinensis", "Astragalus ravenii" Barnaby, "Dedeckera eurekensis" Reveal & Howell, "Lomatium inyoense" Math.
& Const.
(now "Lomatium foeniculaceum" (Nutt.)
Coult.
& Rose subsp.
"inyoense" (Math.
& Const.)
Theobald, "Lupinus dedeckerae" Munz & Dunn (now "L. padre-crowleyi" C. P. Smith) and "'Trifolium dedeckerae" Gillett.
Also she made the first collections of the following plants in California, most of them previously known in Nevada: "Agave utahensis" Engelm.
var.
"eborispina" (Hester) Breit., "Cryptantha scoparia" A.
Nels., "Cymopterus ripleyi" Barneby, "Draba cana" Rydb., and  "Eriogonum puberulum" S. Wats.
In 1982 DeDecker founded the Bristlecone Chapter of the California Native Plant Society.
In 1984, Susan Cochrane of the California Department of Fish & Game proved successful in her bid to name remote canyon south of Eureka Dunes in honor of DeDecker, hence, it is now called Dedeckera Canyon.
In 1989 DeDecker, as a botanist who spent many years getting acquainted with the California desert, made a statement at the Hearing before the Subcommittee on National Parks and Public Lands of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs House of Representatives on California Desert Protection Act of 1989.
DeDecker was active in such organizations as Garden Club, Civic Club, League of Women Voters, botanical organizations, Inyo Associates, Death Valley ‘49ers.
She has served a number of years as Park Liaison Chairman and as second vice-president of the Death Valley ‘49ers, a supportive organization for Death Valley National Monument.
Dedecker was a community activist in relation to the Owens Valley Committee and Inyo County water issues.
She has also was active in the Eastern California Museum, mostly a disillusioning experience, and in the Concerned Citizens, an activist organization to fight for the rights of Owens Valley in the water issues.
As a hard-working environmentalist she fought to preserve Owens Valley and Eureka Dunes in California.
She was active in the Democratic Party being on the Democratic Central Committee in Inyo County, and was appointed to the State Central Committee by Senator Charles Brown.
In DeDecker’s memory and for her many contributions to the botany and history of the Eastern Sierra Nevada and northern Mojave Desert, The Bristlecone Chapter of the California Native Plant Society founded Mary DeDecker Botanical Grant, a small-grants program.
1930 Australian Championships – Mixed Doubles
In the duel between future married couples and multiple winners Nell Hall and Harry Hopman defeated
Marjorie Cox and Jack Crawford 11–9, 3–6, 6–3 in the final, to win the Mixed Doubles tennis title at the 1930 Australian Championships.
Source for seedings
A Little Thing Called First Love
A Little Thing Called First Love () is a 2019 Chinese romantic television drama starring Lai Kuan-lin, Zhao Jinmai and Wang Runze, Chai Wei.
The series was first aired on Hunan Television from October 23 to November 21 2019 on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays for 36 episodes.
An ordinary girl falls head over heels for the most popular boy in school.
Xia Miaomiao is a shy, artistic student who develops a crush on a handsome, talented classmate and embarks on a journey of self-discovery through college.
Because of Liang Younian, Xia Miaomiao decides to make a change.
Through the help of her friends, she starts to learn about fashion, join school clubs, and studies hard to raise her grades.
Her ordinary life becoming more colorful by the day.
Tech Nation (organisation)
Tech Nation is a U.K. government Non-departmental public body, also known as a quango.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron founded the organisation in 2010 under the name, Tech City.
However, in 2018 Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, Matt Hancock, announced that the government would be changing the organisation’s name to Tech Nation and expanding its remit to cover the whole of the United Kingdom with more integration into Britain’s financial technology sector.
The organisation funds and develops UK-based companies and personnel working in the tech sector as well as expediting visa applications under the UK Visas and Immigration Tier 1 Exceptional Talent Visa.
Following the 2008 financial crisis, a cluster of technology and digital media companies emerged around Old Street Roundabout, also nicknamed Silicon Roundabout.
The companies, which mostly consisted of technology start-ups, were attracted by low rents and the area’s relative proximity to the City of London’s financial district.
After his 2010 general election victory, working alongside advisors Steve Hilton and Rohan Silva, David Cameron unveiled plans to turn London’s East End into an international technology hub on a par with California’s, Silicon Valley.
The announcement came as part of a broader plan to create more private-sector jobs to fill the gaps in the U.K.’s job market in the wake of public sector cuts.
The plans also expanded Tech City’s reach beyond the so-called Silicon Roundabout on Old Street to the areas surrounding the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, with the Olympic Park Legacy Company providing office space inside the Olympic Park.
However, policymakers later scrapped the Olympic park link-up idea.
As well as using tax-payer money, Cameron’s government spearheaded a programme of interventions to attract foreign investment into the region.
As well as using place branding and marketing, to attract foreign investment, the programme established a ‘one-stop-shop’ for investment; they named it the Tech City Investment Organisation (TCIO).
The U.K. government appointed entrepreneur Eric van der Kleij as TCIO’s chief executive.
As well as holding talks with international I.T.
groups, his remit also included encouraging entrepreneurs to set up in east London, supporting them attracting investment into the U.K. and encouraging people to buy products and services emerging from the U.K. technology sector.
In 2012, Ten Downing Street appointed Cameron’s Digital Advisor, former Facebook and Google executive Joanna Shields to replace Eric van der Kleij as CEO, after van der Kleij chose not to renew his contract after its expiry.
A 2013 audit of every company listed on the Tech City Map, a map showing the locations of different companies operating in TCIO’s catchment area showed that of the 1,340 companies shown on the list, 700 were PR companies or design agencies, 482 were labelled “miscellaneous” – a category which included charities, pubs, cafes and fashion boutiques while just 137 classed themselves as technology companies with a further 21 companies entered more than once or entered with no information or link to an external site, meaning that just 10% of the companies in the area did technology.
Meanwhile, on a national scale, Cambridge had developed a cluster of companies working in the fields of biotechnology and engineering where, in 2011 it cluster of 1535 companies achieved a combined turnover of £11.8bn, making it one of the oldest and most successful tech clusters in Europe while wielding little political clout.
A similar situation occurred in Manchester, where the digital content and ICT industries accounted for an estimated 45,800 jobs.
Similar clusters emerged from Brighton in the south to Newcastle in the North, with most clusters outside of London funded by their member companies.
In May 2015, the UK Trade & Investment (UKTI), part of the Department of Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS) cut Tech City’s funding.
Since its inception in 2011, the quango had been receiving £2 million of taxpayer’s money annually via the UKTI.
However, similarities in remit between the two organisations led to a rift between Shields, who at the time, was also working as Digital Advisor to Prime Minister David Cameron and the UKTI.
After the fallout, the organisation secured investment from Innovate UK who also fall under the BIS.
The organisation claimed that Innovate UK began funding them when their remit changed.
Concurrently, the organisation accepted outside funding from PwC, KPMG and JLL sparking rumours of privatisation.
Shields stepped down as CEO after holding the position for 15 months but stayed on as chairman and as a business ambassador for Britain’s technology industry.
Former BlackBerry Limited marketing boss Gerard Grech succeeded her.
Prime Minister David Cameron stood down following his 2016 United Kingdom European Union membership referendum defeat.
Under Cameron’s government technology played a big part in the government’s industrial strategy, but insiders from Britain’s technology industry were unsure what impact the change in government and Brexit would have on overseas investment and immigration.
Teresa May’s government announced another 1000 exceptional talent visas but did not specifically allocate them to Tech Nation UK; instead, tech nation would have to compete with the Arts Council of England, the British Academy, the Royal Society and the Academy of Engineering.
May did, however, top-up the quangos existing £2million grant with a £21M grant over four years, which when added to the company’s net commercial revenue of £3M gave the quango a budget of £28M spread out over four years.
Following the £21M extra funding announced by Teresa May, Tech City UK rebranded as Tech Nation and widened its remit to include 11 technology clusters based in town and cities across Britain and Northern Ireland.
The announcement received a mixed reception, as May informed senior industry figures that their regional hubs would report back to a central hub in London, and Tech North, Tech City UK’s sister project would be assimilated into the new organisation.
The announcement led many entrepreneurs from outside of London to believe that the extra funding for the nationwide scheme would further centralise power in London.
These words were a blow to Tech North, which upon its launch was structured as a subsidiary of Tech Nation UK, while Tech North’s chief executive, Claire Braithwaite resigned after nine months in office with sources reporting that she objected to the centralised control of the organisation and desired autonomy from London.
Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond dealt another blow to Tech North when he dropped plans to create a £30m co-investment fund during his 2017 Autumn budget.
Tech Nation became operational in 2018 and stated its new objectives to help the U.K. stand at “the forefront of technology innovation” and to develop Tech City’s Digital Business Academy courses.
Since the quango’s launch, smaller technology and creative companies from East London, particularly Shoreditch claim that spiralling rents, shortages of skilled workers and poor internet connectivity were pushing pre-existing start-ups out of the area.
Entrepreneurs also complained that only high-profile businesses those with links to the government were benefitting from the government’s investment in technology.
From April 2014 to 2015, the quango issued just seven of its 200 allocated Exceptional Talent Visas.
Miami Vice (disambiguation)
Miami Vice is a 1980s American television series.
Miami Vice may also refer to:
Carlos Tobalina
Carlos Tobalina may refer to:
Venezuela involvement in regime change
Venezuela involvement in regime change has entailed both overt and covert actions aimed at altering, replacing, or preserving foreign governments.
During the Spanish American wars of independence, Venezuelan leader Simón Bolívar led expeditions to overthrow government loyal to the Spanish Empire.
During the presidency of Hugo Chávez, his government made several, covert payments to regional allies.
During the Spanish American wars of independence, Venezuelan leader Simón Bolívar overthrew the Viceroyalty of New Grenada, which was led by Juan José de Sámano y Uribarri.
After the Captaincy General of Venezuela branched from the Viceroyalty of New Grenada in 1777, the captaincy soon found itself among the Venezuelan War of Independence and the Venezuelan Declaration of Independence was made in 1811.
After Bolívar led the Admirable Campaign in 1813 and establishing the Third Republic of Venezuela, the Spanish reconquest of New Granada occurred and the Viceroyalty of New Grenada was re-established in 1816.
In 1819, Bolívar began his expedition to overthrow the Viceroyalty of New Grenada and led Venezuelan troops and British Legions into Spanish territory.
Bolívar's motive was to conquer New Grenada and to join the territory with Venezuela to establish Gran Colombia.
Following the Battle of Boyacá, Viceroy Juan José de Sámano y Uribarri fled to Cartagena de Indias where he was not recognized.
On 10 August 1819, Bolívar marched into Bogotá and months later during the Congress of Angostura, the State of Gran Colombia was declared on 17 December 1819.
During the Thousand Days' War, the Colombian Liberal Party lost contested elections with the Colombian Conservative Party.
According to de La Pedraja, what "had happened so often in the past in many other countries, the losing party turned to foreign help as the only way to attain victory" and that "key foreign help came from Venezuela".
Venezuelan president Cipriano Castro granted Rafael Uribe Uribe's Liberal troops safety in Venezuela in 1901 and armed their troops.
By August 1901, Castro sent 200 Venezuelan troops to aid the Liberals and to covertly blend into their ranks.
In September 1901, Castro deployed an additional 1,200 troops along with canons, rifles and a machine gun into Colombia, with Venezuelans comprising a large portion of Liberal troops in border area.
During the Battle of Riohacha, President Castro sent a gunboat to block Conservative reinforcements from entering the city's harbor and order Venezuelan general José Antonio Dávila to manage Venezuelan troops alongside the Liberals.
Errors by Venezuelan forces resulted with Colombian reinforcements landing near Riohacha and countering the joint Liberal-Venezuelan forces, resulting in a mass retreat and a victory for the Colombian army.
René de La Pedraja wrote:
In 1955, forces loyal to Costa Rican former president Rafael Calderón, backed by the Nicaraguan president Anastasio Somoza García, crossed the border from Nicaragua and invaded Costa Rica.
Venezuelan dictator Marcos Pérez Jiménez provided financial support to the rebels and, reportedly, air support.
The invasion ultimatey failed.
Since the dictatorship of Marcos Pérez Jiménez, the Venezuelan government held plans to invade Guayana Esequiba.
President Pérez Jiménez anticipated the invasion of Guyana in 1958, but was overthrown in the 1958 Venezuelan coup d'état prior to this.
After being elected in 1964, Venezuelan president Raúl Leoni made several territorial disputes against Guyana, claiming land for Venezuela.
Five months after Guyana's independence from the United Kingdom, Venezuela moved to occupy Ankoko Island from Guyana in October 1966, with Venezuelan troops building military installations and an airstrip on the island.
Venezuelan actions to acquire Guyanese territory intensified in 1968.
Days after Venezuela left a subcommittee discussing Guyana-Venezuela border disputes on 4 July 1968, President Leoni declared an annexation of of coastline in the Essequibo on 9 July 1968, stating that the Venezuelan Navy would enforce the area.
In January 1969, the Rupununi Uprising occurred in Guyana.
According to Venezuelan author Pedro González, "Venezuela lost in 1969 a great opportunity to regain the Esquiba territory".
The rebels were primarily ranch owners of European descent that were supported by Amerindians, who were mainly ranch employees.
Following the controversial 1968 Guyanese general election, a rancher and candidate of the conservative United Force party, Valerie Hart, declared herself president of the "Republic of the Rupununi", claiming control of the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo region of Guyana.
The rebels stated that they would grant Venezuela control of Guyana's disputed Guayana Esequiba territory and called for support from Venezuela.
According to González, Venezuelan president Raúl Leoni supported the uprising during the final months of his presidency, writing that Leoni "undoubtedly inspired and encouraged" the Rupununi Uprising.
Valerie Hart, who had led the uprising, had met with Venezuelan ministers at the time.
According to Odeen Ishmael, rebels were transported into Venezuela by aircraft on 24 December 1968, days after the Guyanese general election, and that following their arrival, the Venezuelan Army flew the Rupununi rebels to one of their facilities on 25 December 1968 where they armed and trained them with automatic rifles and bazookas.
On 2 January 1969, rebels attacked Lethem, Guyana, killing five police officers and two civilians while also damaging buildings belonging to the Guyanese government.
Guyanese troops quickly put down the rebellion, with about thirty rebels being arrested.
Members of the failed uprising fled to Venezuela for protection after their planned unravelled, with Hart and her rebels being granted Venezuelan citizenship by birth since, according to the Venezuelan government, they were recognized as being born in "the Reclamation Zone", a term widely used by Venezuela.
At a press conference in Caracas on 8 January 1969 and with, rebel leader Hart stated "If Venezuela does not intervene right now with troops they would have in their hands a situation similar to the Bay of Pigs".
The Venezuelan government refused to further assist with the uprising and all support ended with the inauguration of Rafael Caldera.
During the tenure of President Hugo Chávez, it was stated that Venezuela's "imperialism" was beginning in Latin America, with Venezuela attempting to establish "a sort of hegemony" over smaller nations in the region.
Venezuela's geopolitical ambitions grew as oil profits increased with much of the country's foreign policy involving oil politics.
Noam Chomsky described Chávez's oil subsidies to Caribbean and South American countries as "buying influence, undoubtedly" and called Venezuela's social programs in neighboring countries as "just another example of Venezuelan imperialism".
Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez allegedly contributed to the election campaign of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner during the Argentine presidential elections of 2007 in an attempt to influence the election.
According to Rory Carroll, the incident "was one of multiple, clandestine payments to allies in the region".
The governments of Argentina and Venezuela denied the accusations.
On 4 August 2007, Guido Alejandro Antonini Wilson, a Venezuelan-US entrepreneur of close to President Chávez, arrived in Argentina on a private plane chartered from Royal Class by Argentine and Venezuelan state officials, carrying US$790,550 in cash.
Present on the flight were various Venezuelan and Argentine officials.
Antonini Wilson was successful as part of the Bolibourgeoisie during the Chávez administration.
He attended the 6 August 2007 oil deal signing ceremony between President Chávez and his Argentine president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, that took place in the Casa Rosada presidential palace.
As investigations of Antonini Wilson began, he fled to the United States and began to cooperate with investigations performed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
While wearing a covert listening device Wilson was approached by two Venezuelan businessmen; Carlos Kauffmann and Franklin Durán, Moisés Maiónica a Venezuelan lawyer and José Canchica of Venezuela's spy agency, the National Directorate of Intelligence and Prevention Services (DISIP).
The individuals were recorded attempting to coerce Antonini Wilson to not reveal details about the funding conspiracy.
In November 2007, Antonini Wilson met with Maiónica, who was described as a member of Hugo Chávez's "team of fixers".
Maiónica said in a recording that money buying Antonini Wilson's silence could not be wired into the United States by PDVSA, so DISIP direct Henry Rangel Silva was using a "secret fund" to send a cash payment.
The lawyer also asked Antonini Wilson to sign for a $2 million receipt so Rangel Silva had proof that the cash was delivered and would not be accused of keeping the money for himself.
Finally, Maiónica said that Chávez asked PDVSA director Rafael Ramírez to manage the hush money, but later decided on Rangel Silva.
On 13 December 2007 the FBI arrested three Venezuelans and one Uruguayan, accusing them of being agents of the Venezuelan government who intended for Antonini to help cover up the scandal over the money that was intended for "a candidate" in the Argentine presidential elections of 2007.
Details of the case were explained by businessman Carlos Kauffmann and lawyer Moisés Maiónica, with both testifying against Durán and pleading guilty to conspiracy.
The two testified that the $800,000 was sent from Venezuela through PDVSA to fund Cristina Fernández de Kirchner's campaign, with the plot being orchestrated by Venezuela's National Directorate of Intelligence and Prevention Services.
Cube (talent agency)
In January 2020, one of the agency's talents, Ikimono-gakari's guitarist, Yamashita was reported by entertainment tabloid magazine "Friday" for non-consensual advances on a woman.
The president of Cube, Hiryoyuki Kitamaki made a statement regarding the news, declining all accusations made by the entertainment tabloid magazine as non factual.
Looking for Leonard
Looking for Leonard is a Canadian crime comedy-drama film, directed by Matt Bissonnette and Steven Clark and released in 2002.
The film stars Benjamin Ratner as Ted and Darcy Belsher as Johnny, an aimless pair of brothers in Montreal who regularly commit small-scale crimes with the help of Ted's girlfriend Jo (Kim Huffman).
Jo, however, is more ambivalent about the trio's lifestyle, and spends most of her time reading Leonard Cohen's novel "Beautiful Losers" while entertaining fantasies of meeting and running off with Cohen to lead a more fulfilling and interesting life.
Jo then meets Luka (Joel Bissonnette), an immigrant from the Czech Republic whom she becomes smitten with and begins to date; one day, however, a confrontation between Luka and Ted leaves Luka dead, forcing Ted into hiding while Jo has to protect him by lying to the police that Luka was the aggressor and Ted killed him in self-defense.
The film incorporates some footage from the 1965 documentary film "Ladies and Gentlemen... Mr. Leonard Cohen".
Clark described the decision to incorporate a Cohen motif in the film as symbolic, stating that "It grew out of that urban myth, where you'd hear people say, 'I saw Leonard buying smokes at the corner store,' or 'I saw Leonard womanizing at the bar'.
It became an appropriate symbol for us.
He's an icon, and our film relies on a lot of icons."
Executive producers on the film included actress Molly Parker, Matt Bissonnette's wife, and filmmaker Lynne Stopkewich.
The film premiered on March 10, 2002 at South by Southwest, and had its Canadian premiere at the Montreal World Film Festival on August 28.
For the "Toronto Star", Geoff Pevere wrote that the film "trades in the kind of deadpan comic sullenness that's far closer to the mopey dopiness of Jim Jarmusch or Aki Kaurismaki than the romantic languor of Leonard Cohen."
He compared the film to Jarmusch's "Stranger Than Paradise", and concluded that "It's a case of the parts adding up to a hole: At its best (and it does have some very funny sequences) Looking for Leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be."
For the "National Post", Jeet Heer gave the film two and a half stars, writing that " Looking for Leonard demonstrates how far a film can go on sheer charm.
Written and directed by Matt Bissonnette and Steven Clark, it looks like a movie financed entirely by over-strained credit cards.
During long static scenes shot in the back alleys and diners, you can vicariously feel the scrounging and penny-pinching that went into every shot.
Even though it is set in a big city, there are never any extras, so Montreal somehow becomes a ghost town.
Yet the total lack of any cinematic glamour doesn't hurt the film at all.
If anything, the scant budget contributes to the scruffy charm of the film.
The movie nicely captures a milieu of downtrodden bohemians and small-fry crooks.
It helps that all the actors are good, with Huffman putting in a particularly endearing performance."
Rick Groen of "The Globe and Mail" also rated the film two and a half stars, calling the decision to incorporate footage from "Ladies and Gentlemen" distracting but asserting that "Stay put, however, and you'll be treated to a lovely pensée where a character distinguishes between the "good and bad" people of the world: The good people wonder if they're bad, while the bad people know they're good.
Judged by that standard, Looking for Leonard is good people -- its vices are as modest as its virtues."
Ratner won the Vancouver Film Critics Circle award for Best Supporting Actor in a Canadian Film at the Vancouver Film Critics Circle Awards 2002.
Zeami (crater)
Zeami is a crater on Mercury.
Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976, after the Japanese dramatist and playwright Motokiyo Zeami.
The crater Stevenson is to the northeast of Zeami.
Sophocles is to the south, and Goya is to the southwest.
Phosphorus monoxide
Phosphorus monoxide is an unstable radical inorganic compound with molecular formula PO.
Phosphorus monoxide is notable as one of the few molecular compounds containing phosphorus, detected outside of Earth.
Other phosphorus containing molecules found in space include PN, PC, PC, HCP and PH.
It was detected in the circumstellar shell of VY Canis Majoris and in the star forming region catalogued as AFGL 5142.
The compound has been found to have been initially produced in star-forming regions, and speculated to be carried by interstellar comets throughout outer space, including to the early Earth.
Phosphorus monoxide plays a role in the phosphorescence of phosphorus.
In 1894 W. N. Hartley was the first to report an observation of ultraviolet emission from a phosphorus compound, that was later expanded on by Geuter.
The source of the spectral lines and bands were known to be related to phosphorus, but the exact nature was unknown.
In 1927 H. J. Emeléus and R. H. Purcell determined that the cause was a phosphorus oxide.
But it was in 1921 that P. N. Ghosh and G. N. Ball determined that the oxide was phosphorus monoxide.
Phosphorus monoxide is believed to be the most abundant phosphorus-containing molecule found in interstellar clouds.
Phosphorus was identified as a cosmically abundant element in 1998 after researchers found a cosmic ratio of phosphorus to hydrogen (P/H) of about 3×10.
Even with the prevalence of phosphorus in interstellar clouds, very few phosphorus bearing molecules had been identified and found in very few sources; phosphorus nitride, PN, and the free radical CP were found in a carbon rich envelope of IRC +10215 in 1987.
This suggested that more phosphorus containing molecules had to be found in interstellar space.
While examining the oxygen-rich shell of the supergiant star VY Canis Majoris (VY CMa) the presence of PO was detected.
VY CMa was studied using the Submillimeter Telescope (SMT) of the Arizona Radio Observatory (ARO).
The telescope was able to observe the rotational frequencies of PO.
ARO's 10 m SMT was able to measure the rotational transitions of PO showing J=5.5→4.5 at 240 GHz and J=6.5→5.5 at 284 GHz toward the evolved star, each consisting of well-defined lambda-doublets.
Since the detection of PO towards the envelope of the VY CMa supergiant in 2001, PO has been found in many more interstellar clouds and is found in abundance around oxygen-rich shells.
PO is formed when phosphorus is burnt in oxygen or ozone.
It is a transient molecule observed in hot flames, or can be condensed into noble gas matrix.
PO can be formed in an inert gas matrix in the photolysis of PSO, a phosphorus oxysulfide.
On Earth, phosphorus monoxide can be prepared for study by spraying phosphoric acid into a flame.
Because commercial acetylene gas contains some phosphine, an oxy-acetylene flame will have weak PO emission bands in its spectrum also.
In the flame, PO oxidises back to PO.
As white phosphorus oxidises it gives out a greenish-white glow.
The glow happens as PO is oxidised by one of these reactions: PO + O → PO; or PO + O →PO + O.
The possible ways that PO appears in this process is by breakup of the PO molecule which in turn may come from PO.
Phosphorus monoxide can act as a ligand on transition elements such as molybdenum, ruthenium and osmium.
The phosphorus forms a triple bond with the metal.
The first to be discovered was on a nickel-tungsten cluster.
The WNiP cluster was oxidised by a peroxide to yield a μ-coordination, where each phosphorus atom is bound to three metal atoms.
Phosphorus monoxide is a free radical with phosphorus double bonded to oxygen with phosphorus having an unpaired
valence electron.
The bond order is about 1.8.
The P=O bond in PO has a dissociation energy of 6.4 eV.
The bond length of the PO double bond is 1.476 Å, and free PO shows an infrared vibrational frequency of 1220 cm due to the stretching of the bond.
The free radical nature of PO makes it highly reactive and unstable compared to other phosphorus oxides that have been further oxidized.
The visible to ultraviolet spectrum of phosphorus monoxide has three important bands.
There is a continuum band near 540 nm.
The β-system near 324 nm is due to the DΣ→Π transition.
The γ-system has bands near 246 nm due to a AΣ→Π transition.
Peaks in this band occur at 230, 238, 246, 253, and 260 nm in the ultraviolet.
All these bands can be emission, absorption, or fluorescence depending on the method of illumination and temperature.
There is also a C'Δ state.
The γ-system band can be broken down into sub-bands based on the different vibrational transitions.
(0,0), (0,1) and (1,0) are designations for the sub-bands produced by the transition between two vibration states, as the electronic transition occurs.
Each of these contains eight series termed branches.
These are P, P, Q, R, P, Q, R and R.
The ionisation potential of PO is 8.39 eV.
When ionised, PO forms the cation PO.
The adiabatic electron affinity of PO is 1.09 eV.
On gaining an electron the PO ion forms.
r in the ground state is 1.4763735 Å.
The dipole moment of the molecule is 1.88 D. The phosphorus atom has a slight positive charge calculated as 0.35 of the electron.
Italian submarine Argonauta (1931)
Argonauta was the lead ship of her class of seven submarines built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
The "Argonauta" class was derived from the earlier s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 44 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two single machine guns.
"Argonauta" was laid down by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico at their Monfalcone shipyard in 1929, launched on 19 January 1931 and completed the following year.
Geppino Micheletti
Geppino Micheletti (July 18, 1905 – December 8, 1961) was an Italian doctor active in Pula at the end of the Second World War, and then in Narni.
In 1947 he was awarded the Silver Medal for Civil Valor and the Great Gold Medal of the Municipality of Pula.
He is remembered for having operated on the wounded from the Vergarola explosion continuously for over 24 hours on Sunday, August 18, 1946.
The son of Giuseppe Michelstadter and Irma Mejer, who was of Jewish origin, Micheletti was a cousin of the Gorizia philosopher Carlo Michelstaedter.
He studied in Turin, qualified in Milan, and specialized in surgery in Bologna.
He settled in Pula in the 1920s.
During the Second World War, from 1941 to 1943 he was director of the 41st auxiliary surgical group stationed in Croatia, and he was decorated with three War Merit Crosses.
In the Vergarolla explosion he lost not only his brother Alberto and his sister-in-law, but also his only two children, Carlo and Renzo, ages 5 and 9, who had gone to the beach like many other children for a traditional swimming competition.
Carlo's body was found, but only one shoe remained from Renzo.
Despite being informed of their fate, he continued to take care of seriously injured and maimed patients for more than 24 hours at Santorio Santorio Provincial Hospital in Pula.
Following the peace treaty, Geppino Micheletti left Pula with his wife Jolanda in March 1947, after being commended for duty by the Red Cross as indispensable, and having coordinated the evacuation of hospitalized patients.
In June 1947 of the same year he found work in Narni, Umbria.
He remained there and practiced surgery for 14 years, until his death following a postoperative embolism.
A plaque installed at Rosmini Square ("Piazzale Rosmini") in 2008 in Trieste commemorates Micheletti.
Next to the memorial stone commemorating the Vergarola explosion at the Pula Cathedral there is also a small memorial stone with his image.
The Croatian Post Office paid tribute to Micheletti in 2010 with a commemorative cancellation.
Kristen Kit
Kristen Kit (born August 18, 1988) is a Canadian sportsperson, who competes as a coxswain in both women's eights and mixed coxed four rowing events, and who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team in road bicycle racing.
In rowing, Kit competes in international level events where she has won six medals in eights and coxed fours.
Italian submarine Fisalia (1931)
Fisalia was one of seven s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
The "Argonauta" class was derived from the earlier s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 44 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two single machine guns.
"Fisalia" was laid down by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico at their Monfalcone shipyard in 1929, launched on 2 May 1931 and completed the following year.
Italian submarine Jalea (1932)
Jalea was one of seven s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
She played a minor role in the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 supporting the Spanish Nationalists.
The "Argonauta" class was derived from the earlier s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 44 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two single machine guns.
"Jalea" was laid down by Odero-Terni-Orlando at their Muggiano shipyard in 1930, launched on 15 June 1932 and completed the following year.
During the Spanish Civil War, she unsuccessfully attacked the mail steamer off Barcelona on 25 December 1936.
Both torpedoes missed and one of them beached itself without exploding.
It was identified as Italian built and proved that Italy was covertly supporting the Nationalists.
The submarine was on a patrol off Cartagena when she attacked the Republican destroyers and on 12 August 1937.
One torpedo destroyed one of the former's boiler rooms, killing four men and wounding eight and crippling the ship.
"Jalea" accidentally surfaced while attacked which allowed observers to determine that she was of foreign origin, not a boat in Nationalist service.
Sarino Mangunpranoto
Sarino Mangunpranoto (15 January 1910 – 17 January 1983) was an Indonesian politician and educator who served as the Minister of Education between 1956 and 1957 and again between 1966 and 1967.
He was also a senator during the United States of Indonesia period, representing Central Java, was ambassador to Hungary between 1962 and 1966, and served for eight years in the People's Representative Council.
Sarino was born in Begelen, part of what is today Purworejo Regency.
After completing his primary education in Purworejo and in Kebumen, he joined the Taman Siswa in Yogyakarta where he completed training to become a teacher there in 1929.
After the completion of his education, Sarino joined Taman Siswa as a teacher.
He remained in the organization for thirteen years, most of his time being spent as a head teacher in a Pemalang branch of the school.
Prior to his move to Pemalang, he had joined the Indonesia Party (Partindo) and ran political courses for Taman Siswa pupils.
He moved to Pati and founded a fisheries cooperative after the Taman Siswa schools were shut down during the Japanese occupation.
During the Indonesian National Revolution, Sarino was active as a member of the Indonesian National Party, founding a branch in Pati and being elected to its central leadership in 1948.
After the end of hostilities, Sarino became a member of the Senate of the United States of Indonesia, representing Central Java, and after its dissolution he joined the People's Representative Council.
He was later appointed as chairman of PNI's Central Java branch in 1956.
Sarino was also elected into the People's Representative Council following the 1955 election, but he resigned after less than a month in office.
In the early 1950s, he had also re-founded and taught in a secondary school under the Taman Siswa name in Semarang, and participated in journalism by editing the "Tanah Air" daily newspaper.
Sarino was appointed as Minister of Teaching, Education and Culture in the Second Ali Sastroamidjojo Cabinet, and held his position from 24 March 1956 to 14 March 1957.
He was also member of the Constitutional Assembly of Indonesia between 1956 and 1959.
Later, he rejoined the People's Representative Council (at the time known as the DPR-GR, People's Representative Council of Mutual Assistance) in 25 June 1960, but he was honorably discharged from the body by presidential decision, effective on 11 August 1962, and he was posted to Hungary as ambassador until 1966.
He later returned to being Minister of Education and Culture in the Second Revised Dwikora Cabinet between 27 March and 25 July 1966, and following Suharto's takeover, Sarino continued to be Minister of Education in the Ampera Cabinet, where he served between 25 July 1966 and 11 October 1967.
He was described by an acquaintance as a "natural educator".
Among his published writings, he wrote about the educational value of children's play, development of a national educational system, informal education, and ideas of Ki Hajar Dewantara.
In one attempt to combine formal and nonformal education, he founded a "Farming High School" in Ungaran in 1961, and he also founded further schools throughout his life.
Sarino died on 17 January 1983, when he was delivering a speech in Jakarta.
He was buried at the Wijaya Brata Cemetery, a cemetery reserved for people associated with the Taman Siswa.
At the time of his death, he had five sons and a daughter.
Italian submarine Jantina (1932)
Jantina was one of seven s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
She played a minor role in the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 supporting the Spanish Nationalists.
The "Argonauta" class was derived from the earlier s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 44 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two single machine guns.
"Jantina" was laid down by Odero-Terni-Orlando at their Muggiano shipyard in 1930, launched on 15 June 1932 and completed the following year.
During the Spanish Civil War, she made one patrol off Barcelona on 12–27 August 1937 during which she unsuccessfully attacked a Republican destroyer with a pair of torpedoes.
The destroyer was equally unsuccessful when she depth charged the submarine.
Italian submarine Medusa (1931)
Medusa was one of seven s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
The "Argonauta" class was derived from the earlier s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 44 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two single machine guns.
"Medusa" was laid down by Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico at their Monfalcone shipyard in 1929–1930, launched on 10 December 1931 and completed the following year.
1995 Trans America Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament
The 1995 Trans America Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Homestead Sports Complex in Homestead, Florida.
This was the seventeenth tournament championship held by the Trans America Athletic Conference, in its seventeenth year of existence.
won their second tournament championship in three years, and first of three in a row, and earned the conference's automatic bid to the 1995 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
The top four finishers by conference winning percentage qualified for the tournament, with the top seed playing the lowest seed in the first round.
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
Todd Tocco was named Tournament Most Valuable Player.
Tocco was a first baseman for UCF.
Italian submarine Salpa (1932)
Salpa was one of seven s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
The "Argonauta" class was derived from the earlier s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 44 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two single machine guns.
"Salpa" was laid down by Cantieri navali Tosi di Taranto at their Taranto shipyard in 1930, launched on 8 May 1932 and completed the following year.
Othmar Wessely
Othmar Wessely (31 October 1922 – 20 April 1998) was an Austrian musicologist.
Born in Linz, Wessely studied musicology at the University of Vienna with Erich Schenk.
From 1963 to 1971 he was a university professor at the Karl-Franzens-University of Graz, and from 1972 to 1992 he succeeded his teacher Schenk at the University of Vienna.
From 1974 Wessely was the director of publications of the "Denkmäler der Tonkunst" in Austria (DTÖ).
From 1982 to 1998, he was chairman of the of the Austrian Academy of Sciences and scientific director of the .
Wessely die in Vienna at age 75.
He had been married since 1951 to the musicologist Helene Wessely-Kropik (1924-2011).
Both were buried at Döbling Cemetery (group 32, row 4, number 25) (tombstone toppled over).
List of Yoo Jae-suk performances
Yoo Jae-suk (; born on August 14, 1972), is a South Korean comedian, host and television personality currently signed to FNC Entertainment.
Robert J. Birnbaum
From 1961 to 1966, he was chief of regulation and inspection with the New York office of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
In 1967, Birnbaum joined the American Stock Exchange and, in 1977, he became president of the Exchange, serving in that role for eight years until 1985.
In April 1985, Birnbaum was named president and chief operating officer of the New York Stock Exchange, effective May 6, 1985, with a salary of $500,000 per year.
Birnbaum's appointment was "the first time a senior officer of the Amex has taken a ranking post with its larger rival."
In 1986, Birnbaum angered traders of the New York Futures Exchange by stating "N.Y.F.E.
is not a major player".
He served as president during the market crash of 1987.
In 1988, Birnbaum was replaced as president by Richard Grasso, who had been the executive vice president for capital markets since 1986 and was a member of the Exchange's management committee.
In a statement by former Exchange president and then Chairman, John J. Phelan Jr. said about Birnbaum: "His many years of experience in operations and extensive knowledge of securities industry issues contributed significantly to the NYSE’s ability to operate smoothly and efficiently during the market crisis."
In 2000, he was a director of the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
In February 2009, after the financial market was experiencing a downturn and Wall Street's reputation was diminished, he stated: "It's taken a hit, but so what?"
he said.
"We don't need all the bright people going to Wall Street, chasing money.
There's a lot of things bright people can do.
Like find a cure for cancer."
Birnbaum was married to the late Joy E. Birnbaum, with whom he was the father of Julie Beth Birnbaum (b.
), and then to Gloria Birnbaum.
Italian submarine Serpente
Serpente was one of seven s built for the (Royal Italian Navy) during the early 1930s.
The "Argonauta" class was derived from the earlier s. They displaced surfaced and submerged.
The submarines were long, had a beam of and a draft of .
They had a operational diving depth of .
Their crew numbered 44 officers and enlisted men.
For surface running, the boats were powered by two diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft.
When submerged each propeller was driven by a electric motor.
They could reach on the surface and underwater.
On the surface, the "Settembrini" class had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The boats were armed with six torpedo tubes, four in the bow and two in the stern for which they carried a total of 12 torpedoes.
They were also armed with a single deck gun forward of the conning tower for combat on the surface.
Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two single machine guns.
"Serpente" was laid down by Cantieri navali Tosi di Taranto at their Taranto shipyard in 1930, launched on 28 February 1932 and completed the following year.
George Feldstein
George Feldstein (Born 1941 in Manhattan, NY) was an engineer known for his contributions to audio-visual technologies.
Feldstein is responsible for the creation of several audio and video control devices, such as a remote for 35mm projects, the first HD digital touch panel, and the RF wireless control system.
Feldstein holds 14 patents.
Feldstein was the founder and CEO of Crestron Electronics, an audiovisual technologies company.
Feldstein holds awards from InfoComm International and the New Jersey Inventors Hall of Fame for his contributions to the AV industry.
Feldstein received his B.S.
in electronic engineering from New York University.
Roy V. McCarty
Major General Roy Van McCarty is an Officer in the South Carolina Army National Guard who currently serves as South Carolina Adjutant General, he was appointed to the position by Governor Henry McMaster on January 17, 2019.
As the states senior military officer, he serves as commander of the South Carolina Military Department which includes the South Carolina Army National Guard, South Carolina Air National Guard, South Carolina State Guard and the Emergency Management Division; he also advises the Governor of the state on military matters.
A native of Saluda, South Carolina he received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Education from The Citadel in 1982.
He is also a graduate of the Field Artillery Officer Advanced Course, United States Army Command and General Staff College, Senior Reserve Component Officer Course and the Senior Service Fellowship at Old Dominion University.
Upon graduation from The Citadel McCarty was commissioned as a Field Artillery Officer into the United States Army serving for 5 years with the 24th Infantry Division at Fort Stewart, Georgia; after spending a year with the United States Army Reserve in St. Louis, he joined the South Carolina Army National Guard in 1986 and was assigned to the 178th Field Artillery Regiment at Andrews, South Carolina.
He then served as a Forward Observer, Battery Commander, Battalion Assistant Training Officer and Headquarters Company Commander.
Moving to the 151st Field Artillery Brigade at Sumter, South Carolina, he was a Fire Control Officer, Battery Operations Officer and Headquarters Battery Commander and also served as an Operations Officer with the 178th Field Artillery Brigade deploying to Operation Iraqi Freedom.
He was subsequently a Logistics Officer and Plans, Operations and Training Officer with the 59th Troop Command in Columbia.
Returning to the 151st in 2007, he served as a Headquarters and Headquarters Battery Commander deploying to Operation Enduring Freedom.
In Afghanistan, he was a Battalion Commander and Regional Police Advisory Commander.
Promoted to Colonel, he was elevated to Deputy Commander of the 59th Troop Command.
Then, he moved to a position as Air Defense Artillery Officer with the 263rd Army Air and Missile Command.
He next was assigned as Director of the Joint Staff for the Joint Force Headquarters of the South Carolina National Guard; promoted to Brigadier General in 2012, he became Commanding General of the 59th Troop Command.
McCarty was elevated to Assistant Adjutant General – Army for the South Carolina National Guard in 2013 and was promoted to Major General in 2017.
McCarty succeeded Major General Robert Livingston who was elected Adjutant General in 2011, a change in state law in 2014 made the position an appointee of the Governor.
In civilian life, General McCarty served for 24 years in the Law Enforcement Division of the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources and is a graduate of the FBI National Academy.
His military awards include the Legion of Merit and Bronze Star Medal with Oak Leaf Cluster.
List of awards and nominations received by Yoo Jae-suk
This is a list of awards and nominations received by Yoo Jae-suk.
RAF Hope Cove
Royal Air Force Hope Cove or more simply RAF Hope Cove is a former Royal Air Force radar station.
It is located about south west of Salcombe on the south Devon coast, England, co-located with the former RAF Bolt Head airstrip, which was the RAF closed in 1945 but remains in service for general aviation to this day.
Hope Cove was originally built in 1941 to host an AMES Type 7 ground control interception (GCI) station.
In the 1950s it joined the ROTOR network and was upgraded with an AMES Type 80 radar.
It was one of six Type 80 stations that featured a R6 bunker, which was semi-sunken.
When the GCI role was moved to the new Master Radar Stations, the bunker was made redundant and taken over by the Home Office as a regional seat of government (RSG) bunker.
Plans to move this station to Norton Manor Camp were never carried out, and it remained in use as a RSG (although the name change on occasion) until 1994 with the ending of the Cold War.
The bunker is currently a Grade II Listed Building.
List of works written in Sylheti Nagri
This is a list of notable books and poems written in the endangered Sylheti Nagri script.
"Since the 2000s, the spelling of the script was changed to Syloti Nagri in accordance with Unicode."
Benedetto Ala
Benedetto Ala (died 1620) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Urbino (1610–1620).
Benedetto Ala was born in Cremona, Italy.
On 5 May 1610, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul V as Archbishop of Urbino.
On 9 May 1610, he was consecrated bishop by Michelangelo Tonti, Bishop of Cesena, with Metello Bichi, Bishop Emeritus of Sovana, and Alessandro Borghi, Bishop Emeritus of Sansepolcro, serving as co-consecrators.
He served as Archbishop of Urbino until his death on 27 Apr 1620.
Johann Baptist Placht
Johann Baptist Placht was an Austrian soldier, clerk and confidence trickster who was indicted in 1874 for running a Ponzi scheme in 19th-century Vienna.
Placht's birth date and place are unknown.
Since he was 36 years old at the time of his trial on 10 February 1874, he must have been born in 1837 or 1838.
Placht was originally a soldier in the rank of an officer in the "Freiherr von Ramming" infantry regiment of the Austro-Hungarian Army.
He had to quit the service because of his debt and was hired as a clerk at a bank in Vienna.
Shortly after he started working at the bank, numerous bonds went missing.
Despite multiple reasonable grounds for suspecting Placht of the theft, his guilt could not be prove and he was instead fired with a severance.
In the first half of 1872, Placht began advertising his business in all major newspapers, promising investors cheap rates for orders of securities.
By June, he invited customers to deposit at least 500 gulden with his "Börsen-Comptoir" which he promised to invest at no risk to the customers and claiming that he had been able to make 15% profit for other customers.
By November, he increased his claim to 20%.
Placht never invested any money but used the investments to further his gambling addiction.
After being able to keep up the charade for several months by paying out new customers with the investments of old customers, his business fell apart when the stock market crashed in May of 1873 and his trades were largely fictitious.
On 18 May 1873, bankruptcy proceedings were initiated.
At this time, his liabilities measured 2,820,346 gulden and 29 franks with assets worth only approximately 12,000 gulden.
Placht himself had not documented his use of the funds and kept no records.
On 10 February 1874, at age 36, he was sentenced to six years in prison on charges of fraud and embezzlement.
The gullibility and greed of his customers was emphasized as a mitigating factor by both the prosecutor and the judge as well as the stock market crash.
He was incarcerated in a prison in Stein (Krems an der Donau).
In September 1877, he was pardoned by the emperor.
After his release, his further life is not documented.
Contemporary reports on the trial pointed to similarities to the case of Adele Spitzeder, who had run a similar business in Munich until November 1872; Spitzeder, however, unlike Placht, never claimed to invest the money people gave her or in fact explained how she intended to make a profit at all.
In both cases, the customers were mainly from the lower classes of society.
Hylda Sims
Hylda Sims (3 April 1932 – 13 January 2020) was an English folk musician and poet.
She was born in 1932, to parents who travelled the country in a caravan selling homemade herbal remedies.
Her father, Thomas Sims, was a member of the Plebs' League, and a founding member of the Communist Party of Great Britain.
During the Second World War, Hilda attended Summerhill School in Suffolk, before leaving in her mid-teens and starting to live in Swiss Cottage, London.
Her first guitar was a gift from Ivor Cutler.
She joined the Young Communist League, and then the London Youth Choir set up by university lecturer John Hasted.
She travelled with the choir to festivals in communist eastern Europe, and by the mid-1950s also sang and played guitar in coffee bars in central London, while working at Collet's book and record shop.
From 1954, she was in a personal relationship with modernist painter Russell Quaye.
Together with John Pilgrim and John Lapthorne, they formed the City Ramblers (later the City Ramblers Skiffle Group), playing a mixture of jazz, blues, music hall and folk songs, and in 1955 set up the weekly Studio Skiffle club in Holborn.
During the British skiffle boom of the mid to late 1950s, and later, Sims toured widely as a member of the City Ramblers, and recorded for the Storyville and Topic labels.
In the 1960s, she studied at Hull University.
She later taught English as a foreign language in London and Spain, and established a residential community on the South Yorkshire moors.
She received a B.A.
and an MSc in Russian Studies, and published three novels and two collections of poetry, "Sayling the Babel" (2006) and "Reaching Peckham" (2009).
She regularly read her verse at poetry events, and performed with the City Ramblers Revival.
Sims died in January 2020 at the age of 87.
Mikhail Mishustin
Mikhail Vladimirovich Mishustin (, ; born 3 March 1966) is a Russian economist and politician serving as Prime Minister of Russia since 16 January 2020.
He previously served as Director of the Federal Tax Service from 2010 to 2020.
He was nominated for Prime Minister of the Russian Federation by President Vladimir Putin on 15 January 2020, following the resignation of Dmitry Medvedev.
Hearings on his appointment were held in the State Duma on 16 January, and he was confirmed to the office that day.
Mikhail Mishustin was born on 3 March 1966 in Lobnya, a town close to Moscow, or in Moscow itself, to the Mishustin family, Vladimir Moiseyevich and Luiza Mikhailovna.
Mishustin's paternal grand-father was partially of Russian Jewish origin and his mother is an ethnic Armenian, with roots in the village of Meghradzor, Kotayk Province, Armenia.
In 1989, he graduated from the STANKIN, majoring in system engineering, and then in 1992, he completed postgraduate studies at the same Institute.
After finishing graduate school, he began working as a director of a test laboratory facility.
In 1992, Mishustin began working at the International Computer Club (ICC), a public non-profit organization, where he worked on facilitating the integration of Russian and Western advanced information technologies.
He ultimately headed the board of the International Computer Club.
In 1998, he joined the state service as an assistant for information systems for accounting and control over the receipt of tax payments to the head of the State tax service of the Russian Federation.
From 1998 to 2004, he worked as Deputy tax minister, being second-in-command at the State Tax Service.
He worked as head of the Federal Agency for Real Estate Cadastre within the Russian Ministry of Economic Development, and head of the Federal Agency for Managing Special Economic Zones.
In 2008, Mishustin left the civil service and returned to the private sector.
He spent two years as the president of UFG Asset Management, an investment fund, before resigning to become head of the Federal Tax Service.
In February 2009, he joined the personnel reserve of the President of Russia.
In 2010, Mishustin was appointed head of the Federal Tax Service (FTS).
After his appointment to this post, entrepreneurs expressed the hope that Mishustin, as coming from business, would be more "friendly" to Russian entrepreneurs.
As head of the Federal Tax Service, Mishustin earned a reputation as a skilled technocrat and emphasized tax simplification and electronic tax services.
During this period, however, the tax service was criticized for its overly strict approach to business; Mishustin rejected this criticism, pointing to a decrease in the number of on-site tax audits and tax inspections of large and medium-sized businesses.
As head of the FTS, Mishustin declared war on "dirty data" and targeted problems with unjustified value-added tax (VAT) refunds.
Mishustin emphasized digitization and big data, making extensive use of "techno-authoritarian" systems of government surveillance of economic activity, including the collection of data on almost every transaction in Russia.
This data collection was facilitated by new legislation that required all business-to-business invoices to be submitted to the government and required all retailers to automatically transmit real-time transaction data to tax authorities through an "online cash register" process.
The government used artificial intelligence to identify persons suspected of tax evasion.
This system of surveillance resulted in a decrease in the share of VAT uncollected by Russian authorities during Mishustin's tenure; the "VAT gap" reportedly declined from 20% to less than 1%).
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, along with his entire Cabinet, resigned on 15 January 2020, after President Vladimir Putin delivered the Presidential Address to the Federal Assembly, in which he proposed several amendments to the constitution.
Medvedev stated that he was resigning to allow Putin to make the significant constitutional changes suggested by Putin regarding shifting power away from the presidency.
Putin accepted the resignation.
However, on Putin's instructions, the Cabinet continued its work as a caretaker cabinet until the formation of a new government.
On 15 January 2020, Putin nominated Mishustin for the post of Prime Minister.
The next day, he was confirmed by the State Duma to the post and appointed Prime Minister by Putin's decree.
This was the first time ever that a PM was confirmed without any votes against.
On 28 January anti-corruption campainer Aleksiej Nawalny published movie "Secret billions of prime minister Mishustin" (English subtitles can be switched on) about corruption of Mikhail Mishustin.
On 30 January Aleksej Navalny published one more movie "Mishustin is a thief" about Mishustin's corruption schemes.
On 21 January 2020, Mishustin presented to President Vladimir Putin a draft structure of his Cabinet.
On the same day, the President signed a decree on the structure of the Cabinet and appointed the proposed Ministers.
In general, the government has been updated by half.
Only four Deputy Prime Ministers remained from Medvedev's Cabinet (three retained their seats, one was appointed to another post) and twelve Ministers.
According to many political analysts, Mikhail Mishustin was the only Putin's Prime Minister who formed a truly "own" Cabinet.
He gathered a team of his own people and associates.
Before that, in the XXI century, only Vladimir Putin was able to do this.
In particular, two Deputy Prime Ministers were deputies of Mishustin in the Federal Tax Service.
According to experts, this means that Mishustin has carte blanche for changes.
Mishustin is married and has three sons.
He plays ice hockey.
He is also an avid spectator of the sport, and is a member of the supervisory board of HC CSKA Moscow.
It has been reported that, prior to his selection as Prime Minister, he and Putin developed a rapport with each other through their shared enthusiasm for the sport.
Mishustin is an amateur musician, and is a pianist.
As a hobby he has written pop music, including for the singer Grigory Leps.
On 16 January 2020, the Anti-Corruption Foundation called on Mishustin to explain how his wife earned almost 800 million rubles over 9 years.
On 19 January, the "Kommersant" newspaper published a detailed analysis of all the financial activities of Mikhail Mishustin, including his leadership of UFG Invest — one of the country's largest investment companies.
When switching to the civil service in 2010, Mishustin, in accordance with the law, transferred all his assets and investment projects to his wife.
From that moment, Vladlena Mishustina started receiving dividends, which is confirmed by official declarations.
According to "Kommersant", a significant part of the assets were sold in 2013 and 2014, and the proceeds were placed in deposit accounts to receive interest.
List of 2020–21 RFU Championship transfers
This is a list of player transfers involving RFU Championship teams before or during the 2020–21 season.
The list is of deals that are confirmed and are either from or to a rugby union team in the Championship during the 2019–20 season.
It is not unknown for confirmed deals to be cancelled at a later date.
Wanhua Group
Wanhua Group () may refer to:
Nasrin Sporting Club
Nasrin Sporting Club () is a Bangladeshi Women's association football.It was established in 2019 ahead of 2020 Bangladesh Women's Football League.
C. K. Hansen
C. K. Hansen was a Danish wholesale company and non-vessel operating common carrier established in 1856 at Esplanaden 15 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The subsidiary Dampskibs­selskabet Dannebrog was established in 1893.
The company's former headquarters at Esplanaden 15—a Late Neoclassical building from 1856 designed by Gustav Friedrich Hetsch—was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places.
C. K. Hansen was founded on 13 July 1856 by Christian Kjellerup Hansen (1813-1868).
Hansen had previously worked for J.
B. Suhr & Co.
Hansen's son Johan Hansen was in 1857 made a partner in the company.
Johan Hansen was after his father's death in 1868 joined by Oluf Hansen.
Johan Hansen's sons, Johan and Robert Hansen, were made partners in the company following Oluf Hansen's death in 1897.
C. K. Hansen was in 1950 owned by C. J. C. Harhoff (born 1886), Knud Hansen (born 1892), Bennet C. K. Hansen (born 1914) and Preben Har­hoff.
The shipping company Dampskibs­selskabet Dannebrog was established as a subsidiary in 1883.
It was in 1915 merged with Dampskibsselskabet af 1896 (founded 1896) and Dampskibsselskabet Neptun (founded 1901).
The company's coal business was in 1912 separated from the parent company under the name A/S Københavns Bunkerkul Depot.
Another subsidiary, Københavns Stevedore Comp, was in 1943 created from the company's stevedore business.
C. K. Hansen was based at Toldbodvej 15 (now Esplanaden 15).
The building was constructed in 1856 to a Late Neoclassical design by Gustav Friedrich Hetsch.
It was part of Hetsch's masterplan which was to give the entire Nordre Toldbod and Toldbodvej area a face lift.
The project was never completed but Lumskebugten and the Lion's Gate were also designed by Hetsch as part of the masterplan.
The building was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1970.
Chief of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (Argentina)
The Chief of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces () is the professional head of the Argentine Armed Forces.
He is responsible for the administration and the operational control of the Argentine military.
It is the highest rank military position in the country.
There have been a number of officers serving as the JEMCFFAA:
APCO Oil Corporation
APCO Oil Corporation was an oil and petroleum goods marketing and distribution company that operated in the Oklahoma region from 1960-1979.
It was a successor company to the Anderson-Prichard Oil Corporation.
The term “APCO” has also been used by other entities related to the Anderson-Prichard brand.
“APCO” was a common acronym used within the Anderson-Prichard Oil Corporation since its founding in 1922.
As early as 1926, Anderson-Prichard began attempts at trademarking the acronym, first through overtures to the American Pacific Company, and later through communications with the American Oil Company, whose trading name AMOCO was thought to be too similar.
The two companies finally came to an agreement in 1954 permitting Anderson-Prichard to use the APCO name and logo.
APCO Oil Corporation was created in 1960 when outside investors purchased the remaining parts of the Anderson-Prichard Oil Company, particularly its marketing and distribution units.
In 1961, APCO remained a Fortune 500 company.
The company operated service stations around Oklahoma and neighboring states including Texas, Kansas, Arkansas, and Missouri, as well as states further afield in the Midwest such as Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa, Wisconsin and Illinois.
The company was dissolved in 1979.
The APCO logo was still used after the company’s dissolution by many independent service stations, and can still be spotted occasionally in the region.
The term “APCO” was frequently used informally to describe the pre-existing Anderson-Prichard Oil Company, most prominently in the case of APCO Tower in Oklahoma City, were the company was headquartered.
The “APCO” name was again used by Lev Prichard III, grandson of Anderson-Prichard Oil co-founder Lev Prichard, when he created Apco Minerals, LLP in 1995 to manage the family’s legacy mineral rights.
Since 2009, the company has been managed by Prichard’s widow, Ella Wall Prichard, and is participating in the current shale oil boom in Oklahoma.
FC Uttor Bongo
FC Uttar Bongo (), is a Bangladeshi football club based on Kurigram,Rangpur.It is mainly known for its women's team which competes in country's top tier league Bangladesh Women's Football League.
It also runs a men's youth team in Pioneer League, a grass root football league of the country.
FC Uttar Bongo, established in 2019, is a club which mainly focuses on grassroot football development.
They started their journey as a football club by participating in 2019-20 BFF U-15 Pioneer League.
The U-15 team qualified for Super League in their debut season.
In December 2019, the club announced that they will take part in 2020 Bangladesh Women’s League, the top tier professional women's football league of Bangladesh which is resuming after seven years.
In January 2020, they announced Milon Khan, an AFC 'B' license holder, as head coach of the women's team.
They signed nine international players of Bangladesh U-17, Bangladesh U-20 & Bangladesh.
"As of January 2020"
"As of January 2020""."
Sfax Preparatory Engineering Institute
The Sfax Preparatory Engineering Institute () or IPEIS, is a Tunisian university establishment created according to the law N°65 on July 7, 1992.
Part of the University of Sfax.
The Sfax Preparatory Engineering Institute has four independent departments
Official website
List of 2020–21 Top 14 transfers
This is a list of player transfers involving Top 14 teams before or during the 2020–21 season.
The list is of deals that are confirmed and are either from or to a rugby union team in the Top 14 during the 2019-20 season.
It is not unknown for confirmed deals to be cancelled at a later date.
Ivan Moudov
Ivan Moudov (born 1975) is a Bulgarian conceptual artist.
He is member of the Institute of Contemporary Art - Sofia since 2007.
His most notable works evolve around the traffic behaviour, including <nowiki>"</nowiki>One hour priority<nowiki>"</nowiki> in 2000, Sofia, "14:13 Minutes Priority" in 2005 in Weimar and the similar work "9:43 Minutes Priority" in 2009, presented at the Saltzburger Kunstverein in Salzburg, Germany.
The works of the Traffic Control cycle are presented at various contemporary art festivals in different European cities, including Graz, Austria in 2001, Cetinje, Montenegro in 2002, Thessaloniki, Greece 2003.
Another theme that frequents his works is related to the missing contemporary art collection in his home country.
The whole cycle is named MUSIZ after the abbreviation of imaginative contemporary art museum.
A video installation of the cycle is presented in 2010 in Plovdiv and later in Alberta Pane gallery in Paris.
Moudov was born in Sofia.
Society of Analytical Psychology
The Society of Analytical Psychology, known also as the SAP, incorporated in London, England, in 1945 is the oldest training organisation for Jungian analysts in the United Kingdom.
Its first Honorary President in 1946 was Carl Jung.
The Society was established to professionalise and develop Analytical psychology in the UK by providing training to candidates, offering psychotherapy to the public through the "C.G.
Jung Clinic" and conducting research.
By the mid 1970s the Society had established a child-focused service and training.
The SAP is a member society of the International Association for Analytical Psychology and is regulated by the British Psychoanalytic Council.
In 1955 the Society founded and continues as owner of the "Journal of Analytical Psychology".
Its first editor was Michael Fordham.
The institutional roots of analytical psychology in England go back to the 1920s with the "Analytical Psychology Club" (modelled on the Zurich Psychology Club (1916), descended from the Freud Society (1907)) whose leading light was Dr. H.G.
Baynes, but also included members such as Drs.
Mary Bell, Esther Harding, Helen Shaw and Adela Wharton.
The Tavistock Clinic led by Jung's friend and promoter of his thinking, Hugh Crichton-Miller, had an openness to different streams of research and thought and invited Jung to do a series of lectures in 1935, which were attended by doctors, churchmen and members of the public, including H. G. Wells and Samuel Beckett, but this was not to anchor his thinking directly in the institution.
The professionalisation of analytical psychology needed a number of steps: in 1936 a Medical Society of Analytical Psychology was formed within the Analytical Psychology Club.
Among the members was a young medical friend and analysand of Baynes, Michael Fordham.
Meanwhile the lay analysts convened their own group in the Club.
With the influx during the 1930s of Jewish analysts of all stripes fleeing from Nazi Germany, the Jungians increased to twelve analysts.
Meanwhile the Club's Medical Society formulated training standards with Jung's approval.
These were then presented to the Medical Section of the British Psychological Society in 1939.
The Second world war brought about a hiatus in activity.
In 1944 Fordham proposed a Centre for Analytical Psychology.
However, in 1943 the British Medical Association had begun to lay down guidelines for treatment, including for mental health in preparation for the eventual demobilisation of medical staff.
Added to this, analysts from the British Psychoanalytical Society (founded in 1919) also congregated in the medical section of the British Psychological Society where a rapprochement began between Freudians and Jungians.
There were meetings between Kleinians, Middle Group Freudians and Jungians in the 1940s all of which helped to crystallise an impetus for the latter to establish themselves in the Psychotherapy field.
Differences between medical and lay analysts were put aside provided the medical analysts (mostly men) supervised the lay analysts (mostly women), and a new society came into being in November 1945.
The founders of the SAP were Gerhard Adler, Hella Adler, Dr. C.M.
Barker, Frieda and Michael Fordham, Philip Metman, Robert Moody and Lotte Paulsen.
Between 1946 and 1953, the Society grew rapidly in what has been described as the "halcyon days".
The presence at the Maudsley Hospital of Jung's friend and collaborator, the psychiatrist Edward Armstrong Bennet aided the recruitment of the first intake of medical trainees at the SAP in 1947.
Among them were Alan Edwards, Robert Hobson, David Howell, Kenneth Lambert, Gordon Stuart Prince, Leopold stein and Anthony Storr.They were later joined by Frederick Plaut, J.W.T.
Redfearn and Louis Zinkin, all of them were to go on to make a notable contribution to the field.
From the beginning the SAP training was structured on clinically professional, as opposed to purely academic, lines so that personal training analysis and supervision were separate and clinical and theoretical teaching was interrelated.
This followed closely the model adopted by the Institute of Psychoanalysis and continues to the present day and differs markedly from the approach of the training at the C.G.
Jung Institute in Zurich, founded in 1948, which has a more academic emphasis.
The fact that Michael Fordham, the first director of training, was a child psychiatrist of a high intellectual calibre and on close professional terms with colleagues such as Donald Winnicott and Wilfred Bion along with other representatives of the Object Relations School, set the theoretical direction of the course to include a focus on (Kleinian) child development in a manner that had it tagged as the 'London School' or the 'developmental school'.
Analysts loyal to the Zurich approach found this to be a deviation from 'classical' (archetypal) Jungian teaching and tensions rose in the organisation.
The first to resign was E.A.
Bennet in 1963, followed by a major split in 1976 when Gerhard Adler and several other members left to form a separate training body, the "Association of Jungian Analysts", AJA, which itself was to split later on.
Kirsch has interpreted the divisions of that era within the SAP as the playing out of the differences between the rationalist philosophical bent of continental Europe, Jung was heavily influenced by Kant, and British Empiricism.
Selected publications by Society members
Books:
Articles:
Eleiko
Eleiko is a Swedish company that designs, manufactures and markets professional weightlifting, powerlifting and strength training equipment.
The company also offers courses for strength coaches, functional trainers, personal trainers and professional athletes.
Headquartered in Halmstad, Sweden, Eleiko products are available in 180 countries worldwide.
Eleiko ships 85 percent of its equipment abroad.
Eleiko, founded in 1928 and originally a producer of electric appliances such as waffle irons, produced its first barbell in 1957.
In 1963 the company entered the international stage when Eleiko bars were used at the World Weightlifting Championships in Stockholm.
Eleiko is the only company certified by all three major international strength sport federations and more than 1000 world records has been set with an Eleiko barbell since 1963 Through the years Eleiko has presented several groundbreaking innovations.
Eleiko was founded in the Swedish town of Halmstad in 1928.
Initially their main products were electric appliances such as waffle irons and toasters but in 1957 the factory supervisor approached the company’s owner Tyra Johansson with the idea of producing a barbell.
The supervisor, Mr Hellström, was himself a keen weightlifter and wanted to tackle the problem of weightlifting bars breaking all the time during competition.
Hellström made a bar of a special, hardened kind of steel and gave the knurling of the bar a waffle pattern.
The Eleiko bar was introduced in 1963 at the World Weightlifting Championships in Stockholm and it immediately revolutionized the world of weightlifting since the bar could last an entire competition without bending or cracking which had been the case prior to the introduction of Eleiko bars.
In 1963 Marian Zielinski from Poland set the first world record with an Eleiko bar.
Since then more than a 1000 world records have been set with Eleiko bars.
The 1000th world record was set at the World Championships in Paris in 2011 by Hristov Valentin from Azerbaijan competing in the 56 kg bodyweight category when he broke the world youth record with a lift of 154 kg Clean and Jerk.
After the accomplishment Valentin received “The Eleiko 1000th World Record Award” which consisted of a complete Eleiko barbell set.
Four years after the introduction of the Eleiko bars on the international stage, an Eleiko employee met a weightlifter who used rubber tires around his steel weights to reduce the damage and suppress the sound of weights hitting the floor.
Shortly after, a collaboration with the Halmstad Rubber Factory was born, a custom rubber mix was manufactured and in 1967 Eleiko’s first line of rubber weights was introduced.
The same factory still produces these discs today.
Eleiko was certified by the International Weightlifting Federation in 1969 and has equipped more than 40 World Championships, as well as several hundred continental and regional Championships and Games and 5 Olympic Games.
In the 1980's Eleiko introduced a new version of rotating sleeves, which won immediate praise and improved weightlifters’ results by 2-3 kilos.
In the 1990's Tyra Johansson sold the company to Lennart Blomberg and the company is since then run by the Blomberg family.
Originally a supplier of weightlifting equipment to international competitions, world championships, Olympic Games and Paralympic Games, Eleiko in the beginning of the 2000's started marketing strength training equipment and courses for strength coaches, functional trainers, personal trainers and professional athletes.
Today, the company’s main activity is in the commercial segment.
In 2005 Eleiko partnered with World Para Powerlifting, in 2009 Eleiko became the sole VIP supplier for IPF World Championships and is of today the only company certified by all three major international strength sport federations.
Following increasing interest in Olympic lifting, Eleiko in 2017 launched the SVR Platform.
The platform is raised off the floor and consists of layered impacts zones designed to reduce the noise associated with dropped weights during Olympic lifts.
The same year Eleiko released a new collection of bars called Next Generation.
Equipped with a reengineered, dustproof sleeve for greater longevity, refined knurling that caters for specific users and optimized rotation for performance at all loads – they instantly became widely appreciated in the weightlifting community.
Designed specifically to support deadliftning, the bar Öppen Deadlift was launched in 2019.
The bar has an open design and a built-in stand and loading system to give more people the possibility to experience free weight training through deadlifting.
In July 2019 Eleiko signed a five-year contract with the US Army making Eleiko a preferred supplier for the US Army.
During the length of the contract Eleiko will provide a range of weightlifting, strength and performance training equipment to morale, welfare and recreation facilities in the US and garrisons around the world.
Eleiko has also been selected as the education partner for the United States Navy to further develop its NOFFS program (Navy Operational Fitness & Fueling System), train Navy health and fitness professionals and develop NOFFS Master Trainers.
Eleiko is one of the leading equipment suppliers in the fitness industry.
It employs 130 people and has offices in Finland, Germany, Norway, Russia, US, UK anf France.
Eleiko is present in over 180 countries.
The Eleiko range of products include products such as bars, collars, discs, dumbbells, kettlebells and functional training equipment.
The company also offers courses for strength coaches, functional trainers, personal trainers and professional athletes.
Eleiko manufacture all bars in Sweden using robotized manufacturing technology.
Each bar is tested through a process including a 1500 kg bend test at the center and 2000 kg at the end of each bar.
The bar is placed in a vise and bent with a hydraulic jack and the bar must spring back to be exactly straight with a maximum deviation of 0.2 mm.
If it fails, the bar is removed from production and scrapped.
Every professional bar from Eleiko has a lifetime warranty.
Eightyfive percent of Eleiko’s products are shipped abroad.
In the professional athlete’s segment, Eleiko sell to customers all over the world.
In the commercial segment, the company’s main markets are the Nordic countries, the United States and Germany but beginning in 2017 the company started operations in the UK and in France.
In the Nordic countries, Eleiko distributes exercise and strength training machines from other brands and is a complete supplier to professional sports clubs, colleges and universities, gyms and fitness facilities, and functional fitness centers.
Schoenus exilis
Schoenus exilis is a species of sedge endemic to the western areas of the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
The key diagnostic character of "S. exilis" are its narrow, lanceolate spikelets and narrow elliptic nutlets.
"Schoenus exilis" resembles "Schoenus ligulatus", but the latter species is taller (>350 mm) compared to the shorter "S. exilis".
Another critical difference is that "S. ligulatus" has longer spikelets (mostly >4.5 mm) compared to the shorter (<4.5 mm) spikelets of "S. exilis".
"Schoenus quartziticus" is also a similar species; however, it has broad elliptic nutlets.
Similar to other sedges, plants in this group are very difficult to identify.
It appears that part of this problem is caused by the tendency of the southern African "Schoenus" to form hybrids with each other.
It appears that "Schoenus exilis" forms hybrids with other southern African "Schoenus" species, specifically "Schoenus cuspidatus".
The genus "Schoenus" is in the tribe Schoeneae of the sedge family, Cyperaceae.
Other genera in the tribe include "Lepidosperma", "Oreobolus", "Costularia", "Tetraria" and "Gahnia".
The most closely-related species to "S. exilis" are other southern African "Schoenus" species, specifically, species in the "S. cuspidatus" and allies group.
Further taxonomic work is required to delineate the difference between "S. cuspidatus" and "S. exilis", especially in the western mountains of the Western Cape Province.
Southern African "Schoenus" were once classified as "Tetraria"; however, based on molecular and morphological differences, we now know that the two groups are evolutionary distinct.
To ensure that this group of sedges is monophyletic (i.e.
the genus only has closely-related species), the southern African "Tetraria" were transferred into "Schoenus".
In the field, the southern African "Schoenus" can be distinguished from "Tetraria" species by their lack of stem leaves and the absence of reticulate sheaths at the bases of the flowering stems.
"Schoenus exilis" is found in the western region of the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
This species generally occurs on damp sites on sandstone-derived soils; however, it has also been collected from granite-derived soils.
The reported elevation range of "S. exilis" is between sea level and over 400 m.
Waterwheel (McCoy, Colorado)
The Waterwheel, in Eagle County, Colorado, is a historic device to lift water from the Colorado River to a height where it may be distributed for irrigation.
It was built in 1922.
It is located southeast of McCoy, Colorado at the Colorado River.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977, at a time when it was in deteriorated condition.
It has since been rehabilitated by the Colorado Water Restoration Foundation, Ltd.
It stands high and is about wide.
It was built of jackpine logs crafted by hand tools.
It lifted water in 35 buckets around its perimeter, which emptied into a wooden trough that flowed into an irrigation ditch.
It could be raised out of the water in winter to avoid damage from ice, and lowered to appropriate level to capture the river's flow.
It is significant as the last surviving water wheel out of many once in use on the Colorado River.
It was built by Earl Brooks, a rancher, and Franklin Dixon and Jim Jones, without any formal design being available or produced.
Helen Howe
Helen Howe (January 11, 1905 – February 1, 1975) was an American novelist, biographer and monologuist.
Helen Huntington Howe was born to Mark Antony DeWolfe Howe and Fanny Huntington Quincy Howe on 11 January 1905.
Her father was an author and biographer while her mother was known as an essayist and author.
Her mother was from a long line of Quincys in Boston, stretching back through her great-great-great-grandfather Josiah Quincy Jr.
Her brother Quincy went on to become a writer, editor and radio commentator while Mark became a law professor in Harvard University and a biographer.
Howe was educated in private schools in Boston including Milton Academy where she graduated in 1922 before attending Radcliffe College for a year.
She also attended the Theatre Guild School in New York.
Howe had a skill in mimicry and discovered she enjoyed writing her own character sketches to perform.
She had a career as a monologuist for over fifteen years with shows across America.
She gave several performances in The White House.
In 1936 she took her show to both the Arts Theatre and Mercury Theater in London.
Howe also produced books exploring the kinds of characters she portrayed in her sketches.
Her first published novel was in 1943.
She began the second half of her career more as a novelist.
Howe married Reginald Allen who had worked as a curator of the Gilbert and Sullivan Collection in the Pierpont Morgan Library.
She lived in New York, on Fifth Avenue.
Howe died in 1975.
Her service was at the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine and her grave is in Mount Wollaston Cemetery, Quincy, Massachusetts.
Her papers are archived in Harvard.
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Women's high jump
The women's high jump event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 14 July 1987.
Sitting on the Edge of Marlene
Sitting on the Edge of Marlene is a Canadian crime drama film, directed by Ana Valine and released in 2014.
An adaptation of Billie Livingston's novella "The Trouble with Marlene", the film stars Suzanne Clément as Marlene Bell, a grifter and con artist who is indoctrinating her daughter Sammie (Paloma Kwiatkowski) in the ways of crime with the help of her colleague Fast Freddy (Callum Keith Rennie); meanwhile, Sammie has other ideas about her future, and develops a romantic interest in Drew (Dakota Daulby), a devoutly Christian teenager who hangs out at the local roller rink.
The film was shot in Vancouver, British Columbia in 2013, and had its theatrical premiere on the film festival circuit in 2014 before going into commercial release in 2015.
In 2016, the film was picked up for U.S. distribution by Breaking Glass Pictures.
Chris Knight of the "National Post" gave the film a mixed review, writing that it was uneven but praising Clément and Kwiatkowski's performances.
For "Now", Radheyan Simonpillai placed the film in the context of an apparent eruption of mommy issues in Canadian cinema, alongside David Cronenberg's "Maps to the Stars" and Xavier Dolan's "Mommy", opining that the character of Marlene "resembles five Dolan characters spun into one" but praising Kwiatkowski for keeping the film anchored in smaller comedic moments.
He concluded that "Sammie's frustrated attempts to escape either through suicide or Jesus are handled with a light touch and feel genuine and quirky, very different from the heavy mugging going on the rest of the time."
Valine won the award for Best Director at the Leo Awards in 2014, and Grant Pearse won the award for Best Production Design.
The film was also a nominee for Best Picture, Best Actress (Kwiatkowski), Best Screenplay (Valine), Best Editing (Lara Mazur and Fredrik Thorsen) and Best Sound Editing (Greg Stewart, Miguel Nunes, Gina Mueller, Don Harrison and Ian Mackie).
At the 2014 Vancouver International Film Festival, Valine won the awards for BC Emerging Filmmaker and Women in Film & Television Vancouver Artistic Merit.
At the Vancouver Film Critics Circle Awards 2014, Rennie was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in a Canadian Film and the film was nominated for Best First Film by a Canadian Director.
Robb Cobb
Robb Cobb (born 8 April 1999 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the in Super Rugby.
His playing position is prop.
He has signed for the Chiefs wider training squad in 2020.
Donald Maka
Donald Maka (born 29 January 1995 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the in Super Rugby.
His playing position is hooker.
He has signed for the Chiefs wider training squad in 2020.
Ollie Norris
Ollie Norris (born 11 December 1999 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the in Super Rugby.
His playing position is prop.
He has signed for the Chiefs wider training squad in 2020.
Talech
talech is an American cloud-based software company based in Palo Alto, California.
The company makes software that is at the centre of point of sale systems for restaurants, bars, retail outlets and professional services.
The software runs on the iOS and Android operating systems and functions on iPads and a variety of Android hardware devices.
talech was established in 2012 by Irv Henderson and Leo Jiang who continue to perform the roles of CEO and CTO within the company.
In September 2019, talech was acquired by US Bancorp.
The company also maintains offices in Scottsdale, Arizona, Belmopan, Belize, Dublin, Ireland and Kaunas, Lithuania.
talech was founded in 2012 by Irv Henderson and Leo Jiang who had worked together previously at Yahoo.
The company grew steadily, focusing initially on the North American market where they acquired customers through referral partnerships with Chase, Bank of America Merchant Services, Elavon and USA E-pay.
In 2014, the company opened an office in Dublin to serve the European market where they operate referral partnerships with Bank of Ireland Payment Acceptance, AIB Merchant Services and Elavon Europe.
In September 2019, the company was acquired by US Bancorp.
talech provides software that allows businesses to manage multiple operational tasks – such as order management, inventory and staff reporting, customer management, business insights and payments processing – in a single, integrated point-of-sale system.
talech serves over 8,000 restaurants and bars, retailers and professional services companies representing $2.3 billion in processing volume.
talech operates on the iPad family of devices where it works with a variety of hardware options such as cash drawers, barcode scanners, digital weighing scales, Epson and Star Micronics printers and Ingenico card readers.
It also works on Android powered devices such as the Poynt and Ingenico-built, Moby line of point of sale solutions.
As a Saas provider, talech's point of sale is available through starter, standard and premium packages with each tier enabling access to a greater amount of features and functionality.
James Thompson (rugby union)
James Thompson (born 13 July 1999 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the in Super Rugby.
His playing position is flanker.
He has signed for the Chiefs wider training squad in 2020.
Harald Wiberg
Harald Wiberg (1 March, 1908 – 15 August 1986) is a Swedish author, artist and illustrator.
He was best known for his illustrations in the books about Tomten and of Astrid Lindgren.
Wiberg was born in Ankarsrum in 1908.
He attended the Stockholm College of Drama (Stockholms dramatiska högskola).
Later he also studied in France and Italy.
Most of his illustrations show Scandinavian landscapes, animals and traditional mythological figures.
In the 1960s, he became known in Sweden through his appearances in the nature documentary show "Korsnäsgårde".
He became known internationally through his illustrations of the Tomten books: "Tomten" (1961) and "Tomten and the Fox" (1965).
In the Swedish edition of these works, Wiberg's illustrations were published next to the original poems by Viktor Rydberg and Karl-Erik Forsslund.
In the international editions the illustration appeared next to a text written by Astrid Lindgren, based on the poems and the illustrations.
The success of these works prompted Wiberg to write and illustrate his own Tomten book entitled "Gammaldags jul".
The book was translated into English ("Christmas at the tomten's farm").
Another work by Viktor Rydberg, "Björn's Advent on Christmas Eve" ("Lille Viggs äventyr på julafton", 1980) was also illustrated by Wiberg.
In 1976 he received the Elsa Beskow badge for his illustrations in the book "The big snowstorm" (Den stora snöstuellen, 1975).
On August 15, 1986 he died in Falköping.
Leroy Carter (rugby union)
Leroy Carter (born 24 February 1999 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the in Super Rugby.
His playing position is scrum-half.
He has signed for the Chiefs wider training squad in 2020.
2020 Evian Championship
The 2020 Evian Championship will be played 23–26 July at the Evian Resort Golf Club in Évian-les-Bains, France.
It will be the 27th Evian Championship (the first 20 played as the Evian Masters), and the eighth as a major championship on the LPGA Tour.
The event will be televised by Golf Channel and NBC Sports in the United States and Sky Sports in the United Kingdom.
The field for the tournament is set at 120, and most earn exemptions based on past performance on the Ladies European Tour, the LPGA Tour, or with a high ranking in the Women's World Golf Rankings.
There are 17 exemption categories for the 2020 Evian Championship.
1.
Evian invitations (four)
2.
Top two from the Jabra Ladies Open
3.
Top two players from the Island Resort Championship on the Symetra Tour
4.
Winner of the Hanwha Classic Evian Championship Asia Challenge
5.
The top 40 in the Women's World Golf Rankings, as of 23 June 2020
6.
Past Evian Championship winners
7.
Active Evian Masters Champions (must have played in 10 LPGA Tour or LET events from 24 July 2018 to 23 July 2020)
8.
Winners of the other women's majors for the last five years
9.
LPGA Tour winners since the 2019 Evian
10.
LET winners since the 2019 Evian
11.
The top five on the LET Order of Merit, as of 14 July
12.
Top 10 and ties from the 2019 Evian Championship
13.
2019 U.S. Women's Amateur champion
14.
2019 British Ladies Amateur champion
15.
2020 Women's Asia Pacific Championship champion
16.
Any player who qualified for the 2019 Evian but did not compete due to maternity
17.
LPGA Tour money list, as of 14 July (if needed to fill the field to 120)
Wilmer Ingalls Gordon
Wilmer Ingalls Gordon (February 14, 1860 – March 7, 1943) was an American osteopathic physician and vegetarianism activist.
Gordon was born on February 14, 1860 in Mullica Hill, New Jersey.
He was educated at the medical department of Union University in Albany, New York and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Maryland.
Gordon obtained his M.D.
from the Union University in Albany in 1887.
He studied at the Chicago School of Osteopathy and practiced medicine in New York City.
He became a member of the New York State Medical Society in 1900 and was Vice-President of the Columbia County, New York, Medical Society.
He moved to Cleveland in 1900 and became President of the Progressive Osteopathic and Suggestive Therapeutic Society in Ohio.
He also practiced as a physician and surgeon at Copake Iron Works.
When he was forty, Gordon suffered a nervous breakdown, travelled widely and lost faith in medicine.
Gordon founded the National School of Manual, Physical and Suggestive Therapeutics, which practiced naturopathy.
He was President of the School for more than thirty-two years and taught thousands of students.
He founded the Electine Food Remedy Company in Ontario.
Gordon advocated natural health practices without medication.
He authored books on new thought and vegetarianism.
At the age of seventy-two, Gordon suffered severe internal injuries from a street car accident.
Doctors gave him only thirty days to live but he survived another eleven years, whilst his wife cared for him.
He authored the book "How to Live 100 Years", and was convinced he would make this age until his injuries from the accident.
Gordon was an anti-vaccinationist.
He was President of the Cleveland Physical Culture Society, which attempted to force the Cleveland Health Board to abandon vaccination.
His book "Suggestion and Osteopathy" (1901), was negatively reviewed by medical experts.
His views on osteopathic treatment for certain diseases were described in a review as non-scientific and "do not commend themselves to us as rational or well proven".
He died on March 7, 1943 in Cleveland, Ohio.
Gordon was a vegetarian and believed that "alcohol, tobacco, and flesh food was the trinity of all existing evil for mankind".
He founded the vegetarian organization, Food Reform Society of America.
The "Encyclopedia of American Biography" noted that Gordon is "one of the pioneer vegetarian advocates of the United States".
List of Israeli football transfers winter 2019–20
This is a list of Israeli football transfers for the 2019-20 Winter Transfer Window.
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
In:
Out:
Benjamin Ratner
Benjamin Ratner is a Canadian actor and filmmaker.
He is most noted for his performances in the films "Last Wedding", for which he won the Vancouver Film Critics Circle award for Best Actor in a Canadian Film in 2001, and "Looking for Leonard", for which he won the VFCC's award for Best Supporting Actor in a Canadian Film in 2002, and as director of the film "Down River", which won the VFCC's award for Best British Columbia film in 2013.
His other acting credits include the films "Moving Malcolm", "Ignition", "Long Life, Happiness & Prosperity", "Amazon Falls", "Fathers & Sons" and "Sisters & Brothers", and regular supporting roles as Sam Berger in the television series "Da Vinci's City Hall" and Ivon Teslia in "Travelers".
He was also the director of "Moving Malcolm".
He is married to actress Jennifer Spence.
Ximena Londoño
Ximena Londoño de la Pava (born 1958 in Cali, Colombia) is a Colombian botanist, specializing in agrostology.
She has done extensive research on the bamboo genus "Guadua" in South America and Central America.
In 1979 she began plant collecting.
In 1983 she graduated in agricultural engineering from the National University of Colombia at Palmira.
After graduation, she studied bamboo taxonomy under Thomas Robert Soderstrom at the Smithsonian Institution.
Her bamboo research has received funding from the Smithsonian Institution, Colciencias, the National Geographic Society, the American Bamboo Society (founded in 1979), and the International Bamboo and Rattan Organisation.
She has over fifteen co-collectors, but the primary two are Lynn G. Clark and Thomas Soderstrom.
Primarily collecting among the Bambusoideae, Ximena Londoño has also collected among the family Gesneriaceae.
She has worked primarily in Latin America but also studied bamboos in Indonesia, China, and India.
She has collected plant specimens in Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Peru, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, Costa Rica, Cuba, and Puerto Rico.
In Colombia's Quindío Department, she owns and manages an organic farm, growing coffee, bamboo, bananas, and tropical flowers.
The farm, at 1250 meters altitude, is an estate she inherited from her father, an engineer, and her mother, an artist, who were the owners and managers.
Ximena Londoño grew up there and her mother, Doña Sofi, hired two teachers to teach village children in the mornings and village adults in the afternoons.
(The school graduated more than 85 students and closed when Doña Sofi died at age 93.)
Ximena, with her parents, eventually moved to Cali for her higher education; although the family went back to their farm on weekends.
At the National University of Colombia at Palmira, she was one of only eight women in a class of one hundred twenty students.
She became a scientist, a traveller, and an adventurer, but always retained her love for her farm and the people in the nearby village.
She told an interviewer that at the farm, “"todo se resuelve con una guadua: si había que apuntalar un techo, coger una fruta, fabricar un banco, arreglar uno mesa"” (everything is solved with a "guadua": if you had to prop up a roof, pick a fruit, make a bench, fix a table).
The farm, with over 70 different bamboo species, is now a center for research and education, as well as a ecotourism destination.
In the bamboo subfamily of the family Poaceae, Londoño has described over 50 new species spanning several different genera, including "Guadua", "Alvimia", "Arthrostylidium", "Aulonemia", "Chusquea", "Eremocaulon", and "Rhipidocladum".
In 2017 at the celebration of the 150th anniversary of the founding of the National University of Colombia, the "Consejo Superior Universitario" (Higher University Council) honored her in the category "Investigación o Creación Artística y Cultural" for her research.
Mamadou Philippe Karambiri
Mamadou Philippe Karambiri is a Burkinabè evangelical neo-charismatic Pastor, born March 7, 1947 in Tougan.
He is the president of the International Evangelism Center - African Interior Mission which he founded in 1987.
He was knighted by the National Order of Burkina Faso in 2005 and in 2007 he received a "honoris causa" doctorate in Divinity from the Logos Christian University of Florida in the United States.
Karambiri was born on March 7, 1947 in Tougan in a Muslim family.
During a meeting with young French evangelical missionaries and after witnessing the appearance of Jesus Christ, while preparing his State doctorate in financial economics in Toulouse in February 1975, he experienced a new birth.
In an interview granted in December 2015, he gives details of this spiritual turning point.
He underlines that the important thing is not first to change religion, but to discover who Jesus Christ is, and to enter into relation with him.
After his conversion and during his stay in France as a student, he attended the "Assembly of God of Toulouse" church.
Back in Burkina Faso, he was Director of Promotion at the National Office of Foreign Trade, then Commercial Director of Faso Fani and finally Director General of SO.VOL.COM.
In 1985, he started a prayer group with his family which reached 500 people in 1987.
That same year, he founded the International Evangelism Center - African Interior Mission in Ouagadougou.
In January 1990, he resigned from his secular duties to become Pastor full time.
He marries Marie Sophie Tou, a state nurse on duty in pediatrics at the Yalgado Ouédraogo Hospital.
They have four children, two girls and two boys.
His wife died on March 10, 2008.
Since then, he remarried on May 29, 2010, with Hortense Palm, who occupies a pastoral ministry in the church.
In 2005, he was made a knight of the national order of Burkina Faso.
In 2007, he received a "honoris causa" doctorate in Divinity from the Logos Christian University of Florida in the United States.
Content in this edit is translated from the existing French Wikipedia article at ; see its history for attribution.
Theophil Antonicek
Theophil Antonicek (22 November 1937 – 19 April 2014) was an Austrian musicologist.
Born in Vienna, Antonicek studied musicology at the University of Vienna with Erich Schenk.
He received his doctorate in 1962 and his habilitation in 1978.
Until his retirement he was a lecturer at the University of Vienna.
Antonicek was a corresponding member of the philosophical-historical class of the Austrian Academy of Sciences since 1984 and a full member since 1995, as well as editor of the Denkmäler der Tonkunst in Österreich since 1998.
From 1998 to 2010 he also supervised the publication series "Studien zur Musikwissenschaft".
As co-founder of the Austrian Society for Musicology, he directed it from 1973 to 1983.
On the occasion of his 70th birthday he was honoured by a symposium.
Antonicek died in Vienna at the age of 76 and was buried at the Romantic Cemetery in Maria Enzersdorf.
Achint Kot
Achint Kot or AchintKot is a small village in Amritsar-II in Punjab state of India.
It's administrative headquarters are located in Amritsar tehsil.
The village has a total number of population 226 houses residing as per 2011 census report if India.
Mimi Asom
Mimi Omosefe Asom (born 19 December 1997) is an American soccer player who plays for Portuguese club Benfica as a forward.
Campo de Marte, Havana
The Campo de Marte was built in the 1790s as a military practice range by the Spanish governtment; it was expanded in 1793 by Belgian engineer Agustin Cramer, and later the Bishop Espada improved the lighting of the Campo.
It was Captain General Don Miguel Tacón who included it within the scope of his embellishment program.
The area was then fenced and four majestic gates, crowned with coats of arms, each representing an important personality: the north gate, Hernán Cortés; the south one, Francisco Pizarro; and the east and west gates, Captain General () Miguel Tacón y Rosique (1834-1838), and Christopher Columbus respectively.
In the seventeenth century, the grounds of what was to become the Field of Mars () were part of a muddy and impassable area, it was located outsode of the walls that surrounded the town of "San Cristóbal de La Habana," and, in spite of its inhospitable location it began to be populaited into storage rooms and corrals for animals.
In the 18th century the lands were part of an orchard that belonged Cabildo to Don Melchor de la Torre, and in 1735 they became the property of Don Ambrosio Menéndez.
When the land was analyzed by a public surveyor Don Bartolomé de Flores, in charge of the demarcation and measurement, he found that instead of the original twelve solar mercedados there were twenty-eight and a half solares, so that the sixteen and a half surpluses were declared idle and unattached and relinquished to Doña Petronila Medrano as partial compensation for part of the land owned by her that had been expropriated for the construction of the city wall.
The aforementioned surveyor assessed a group of said lots at two hundred and three pesos with five and a half reais each, and the remaining at one hundred and seventy-one pesos with seven and a half reais per lot.
To commemorate the fourth centennial of the discovery of America, the Campo de Marte became a park in 1892.
In 1928 it became the "Parque de la Fraternidad" as it is known today and in commemoration of the Sixth Pan-American Conference held in Havana.
A silk cotton tree, called ‘Tree of "American Fraternity," was planted in the center of the park with soil from 28 countries of the Americas.
On the initiative of the Sociedad Cubana de Estudios Históricos e Internacionales, several busts of personalities and heroes representative of Latin American thought were erected, including those of Simón Bolivar and Benito Juárez.
The park, which is actually a group of parks, has witnessed historical events such as the taking off and disappearance of Matías Pérez, a Portuguese inventor, on his hot-air balloon on June 29, 1856; and the first celebration of Labor Day in Cuba on May 1, 1890.
2020 Open de Rennes
The 2020 Open de Rennes was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.
It was the fourteenth edition of the tournament and part of the 2020 ATP Challenger Tour.
It took place in Rennes, France between 20 and 26 January 2020.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry into the singles main draw as alternates:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Katerina Sakellaropoulou
Aikaterini "Katerina" Sakellaropoulou (; born 30 May 1956) is the President-elect of Greece, expected to take office on 13 March 2020.
She was elected to succeed the current head of state, Prokopis Pavlopoulos, by the Hellenic Parliament on 22 January 2020.
Prior to her election, she served as President of the Council of State, the highest administrative court of Greece.
Upon taking office, Sakellaropoulou will become the first female president of Greece.
Sakellaropoulou was born in Thessaloniki.
Her family comes from Stavroupoli, Xanthi, a town in Xanthi prefecture.
She studied law at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens and completed her postgraduate studies at public law at Paris II University.
In the mid-1980s, she was admitted to the Council of State and she was promoted to councellor in 2000.
In October 2015 she was appointed vice president of the Council of State, and in October 2018 she became the first female president of the court, following a unanimous vote.
Her election came after the Syriza government, which was in power at the time, considered her progressive record on issues such as the environment and human rights.
She has been a member of the Association of Judiciary Functionaries of the Council of State.
During her tenure at the association, she has served as its general secretary (1985-1986), vice-president (2006-2008), and president (1993-1995, 2000-2001).
She publishes regularly in academic journals.
She has also contributed to the book "Financial crisis and environmental protection on the case law of the Council of State" (Greek: Οικονομική κρίση και προστασία του περιβάλλοντος στη νομολογία του Συμβουλίου της Επικρατείας), Papazisis Publications, 2017.
On 15 January 2020, the Greek Prime Minister, Kyriakos Mitsotakis, nominated her for the post of President of the Hellenic Republic, a post she was elected to on 22 January 2020 with 261 MPs voting in favour in the 300-seat Parliament.
Sakellaropoulou lives with her partner, Pavlos Kotsonis, a lawyer.
She has one child from a previous marriage.
She is an Aris Thessaloniki supporter.
Thitathorn Aksornsri
Thitathorn Aksornsri (; born 8 November 1997) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a left back for Thai League 1 club Police Tero.
In September 2019, he was called up to the Thailand U23 for the SEA Games.
In January 2020, He played the 2020 AFC U-23 Championship with Thailand U23.
Thitathorn's twin younger brother Thitawee, who is also a footballer and plays for Police Tero as a centre back.
John Strada
John Strada (born November 13, 1952) is a former American football tight end.
He played for the New York Giants and Kansas City Chiefs in 1974.
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Women's heptathlon
The women's heptathlon event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 13 and 14 July 1987.
Bryn Eglwys (disambiguation)
Bryn Eglwys may refer to:
Magic Carpet Ride (Mighty Dub Katz song)
"Magic Carpet Ride" is a 1995 song by British duo Mighty Dub Katz, which consisted of DJ, musician, and record producer Norman Cook and his former flatmate Gareth Hansome (aka GMoney).
It is their biggest hit and was a big hit all over Europe.
The single peaked within the top 10 in Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland, and was a top 20 hit in Austria and Norway.
The song contains a sample of Chakachas' recording "Yo Soy Cubano" from 1970, and Sandee's recording "Notice Me" from 1988.
The male vocals are based on Laid Back - White Horse.
A black-and-white music video was shot to accompany the song.
2020 Open de Rennes – Singles
Ričardas Berankis was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Arthur Rinderknech won the title after defeating James Ward 7–5, 6–4 in the final.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round.
Tsvetanka Stoycheva
Tsvetanka Stoycheva (born 1 March 1960) is a Bulgarian archer who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games.
She finished 27th in the women's individual event with 2144 points scored.
2020 Open de Rennes – Doubles
Sander Arends and Tristan-Samuel Weissborn were the defending champions but only Weissborn chose to defend his title, partnering Antonio Šančić.
Weissborn successfully defended his title after defeating Teymuraz Gabashvili and Lukáš Lacko 7–5, 6–7, [10–7] in the final.
2020 Bangkok Challenger II
The 2020 Bangkok Challenger II was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.
It was part of the 2020 ATP Challenger Tour.
It took place in Bangkok, Thailand between 20 and 26 January 2020.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following player received entry into the singles main draw using a protected ranking:
The following players received entry into the singles main draw as alternates:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Operation Amotekun
Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) codenamed Operation Amotekun (Leopard), is a security outfit based in all the six states of the South Western, Nigeria, responsible for curbing insecurity in the region.
It was founded on 9 January 2020 in Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria as the first regional security outfit initiated by a geopolitical zone in Nigeria.
Operation Amotekun (Leopard) was established on 9 January 2020 by the six state governors of all the South Western states of Nigeria, namely; Lagos State, Oyo State, Ogun State, Ondo State, Osun State and Ekiti State.
The establishment of the security outfit was subject to the decision by all the six state governors at the regional security summit held in Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria on June 2019 through Development Agenda for Western Nigeria Commission (DAWN).
In support of the outfit, all the six state governors contributed 20 vehicles each, except Oyo that contributed 33 vehicles, in order to assist the operatives in carrying out their duties, making a total of 133 vehicles for the startup, they also procured 100 units of motorcycles each, making a total of 600 motorcycles.
The members of the outfit were drawn from local hunters, the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC), Agbekoya, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and vigilante group.
Amotekun, which is a Yoruba word, is Leopard in English.
The operatives of the security outfit will assist police, other security agencies and traditional rulers in combating terrorism, banditry, armed robbery, kidnapping and also help in settling herdsmen and farmers contentions in the region.
For the startup, Lagos, Osun and Ekiti states, recruited 1,320 operatives for the operation, while they will carry dane guns like local hunters, operating in about 52 deadly blackspots all over the region.
On 13 January 2020, the Nigeria police warned that they will arrest any operative of the outfit that carries illegal arms.
On 14 January 2020, the Federal government of Nigeria declared Operation Amotekun as an illegal operation, stating that it is not backed by the Nigerian constitution.
On 23 January 2020, the vice president of Nigeria, Yemi Osinbajo, met with the six state governors of the south western Nigeria and they all agreed to work together towards the progress of Operation Amotekun.
Gévora (river)
The Gévora or Xévora River is a tributary of the Guadiana, in the southwest of the Iberian Peninsula.
It runs through both Portugal and Spain.
It has its source in the Serra de São Mamede (Portugal), at 1,027 metres above sea level.
Featuring a total length of 73.81 km, the river, running initially roughly from west to east, takes a southern turn in Spain, eventually emptying into the Guadiana near Badajoz.
Some of its main left-bank tributaries are the Jola, Guarranque and Zapatón, while its right-bank tributaries include the Gevorete, Codosero and Abrilongo.
2020 Bangkok Challenger II – Singles
James Duckworth was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Federico Gaio won the title after Robin Haase retired in the final trailing 1–6, 6–4, 2–4 in the third set.
All seeds receive a bye into the second round.
2020 Bangkok Challenger II – Doubles
Li Zhe and Gonçalo Oliveira were the defending champions but only Oliveira chose to defend his title, partnering Yang Tsung-hua.
Oliveira lost in the first round to Andrey Golubev and Aleksandr Nedovyesov.
Gonzalo Escobar and Miguel Ángel Reyes-Varela won the title after defeating Gong Maoxin and Zhang Ze 6–3, 6–3 in the final.
Thitawee Aksornsri
Thitawee Aksornsri (; born 8 November 1997) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a centre back, he has also been used as a right back for Thai League 1 club Police Tero.
In January 2020, He played the 2020 AFC U-23 Championship with Thailand U23.
Thitawee's twin older brother Thitathorn, who is also a footballer and plays for Police Tero as a left back.
Journal of Performance of Constructed Facilities
The Journal of Performance of Constructed Facilities is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society of Civil Engineers and is engaged in sharing information on failures and performance issues of constructed facilities.
The editors seek papers that address construction practices, failure investigation (both technical and procedural failures), as well as reconstruction and ethics topics.
Also covered are topics that address performance and maintenance of existing structures.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Ei Compendex, Science Citation Index Expanded, ProQuest databases, Civil Engineering Database, Inspec, Scopus, and EBSCO databases.
Sophocles (crater)
Sophocles is a crater on Mercury.
Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976, after the Greek dramatist Sophocles.
Zeami crater is to the north of Sophocles, and Goya is to the west.
Luxury apartment
A luxury apartment is a type of apartment that is intended to provide its occupant with higher-than-average levels of comfort, quality and convenience.
While the term is often used to describe high-end regular apartments, or even typical apartments as a form of aspirational marketing, a true luxury apartment is one that is variously defined as being in the top 10% of transactions on the market, or having a total value of more than $4-5 million US dollars, with "ultra-luxury" apartments being valued above $10 million USD.
However, it can also mean any apartment with extra amenities, such as a doorman, yoga studios or bowling alleys, among others.
The term "luxury apartment" was used since the postwar era, although its definition was less grandiose than in recent times.
In the 1980s, for example, having a doorman for the building was sufficient to mark an apartment as "luxury".
Competition to make the most luxurious apartment increased due to the growth of the Internet, which allowed potential buyers to cross-check apartment listings.
As of 2016, three out of every four new apartment buildings in the United States were luxury designs targeted towards high-end buyers.
This luxury boom is centered in the fastest-growing American cities, but also includes smaller, less-dense cities.
It has been linked to the movement of affluent Americans away from suburbs to cities, also known as The Great Inversion.
The 2010s was marked by the construction of many new luxury condominium towers in New York City, often appealing to wealthy overseas buyers, such as One57 and Central Park Tower.
Billionaire's Row became known as the location of many of these towers.
Williamsburg, Brooklyn had the highest rent increase, rising by 54% on average from 2010 to 2019.
Global economic headwinds and unfavorable changes to property and transfer taxes cooled demand, causing a glut of unsold luxury condos.
As of 2019, one in four luxury apartments that were built since 2013 were unsold.
2020 Austin Bold FC season
The 2020 Austin Bold FC season is the second season for Austin Bold FC in the USL Championship, the second-tier professional soccer league in the United States and Canada.
On January 9, 2020, the USL announced the 2020 season schedule.
As a USL Championship club, Austin will enter the competition in the Second Round, to be played April 7–9.
Avrom Landy
'Avrom Landy (Cleveland Ohio 1904 - 1992), was a historian, writer and theorist on American Marxism in the first half of the twentieth century.
He was the father of the American artist and researcher, the artist Professor Emeritus of the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, Sonia Landy Sheridan.
Avrom Mendel Landy, known as A. Landy, was a B.A.
from Ohio State University and Master of the University of Wisconsin, Madison.
Ph.D in history, philology, the philosophy of language, at Madison University.
At that time he was appointed to the Dayly Worker as editor.
He became educational director of the Communist Party of America, a position he held until 1945.
He was the Communist Party candidate for New York State Senate 4th District in 1941.
He taught at both Phi Beta Kappa- Ohio State University and The University of Wisconsin.
Landy orientated his daughter Sonia to become a translator in global politics, and he hired her to do the French research for his new book "The United States and the Paris Commune of 1871".
His daughter tried to get “The Paris Commune” by A. Landy published in London, England, but it was rejected.
Later she got Landy's book “The Paris Commune” published in Paris in “La Pensee."
With the four time election of President Franklin Roosevelt, Landy joined Earl Browder, head of the CPUSA, in believing that the USA was on its own historical destiny, a democratic mix of socialism and capitalism.
He was city editor for the Daily Worker for about two years in the early 1930s.
He was co-publisher of International Publishers from 1945 until about 1947, when he left the Communist Party.
Landy was an influential Marxist thinker during the 1930s and 1940s, especially through his educational and editorial work, and also through his articles in various leftist journals.
His archives and documents are at the Northwestern University library “A.Landy Collection" and at the Langlois Foundation, along with his daughter Sonia Landy Sheridan archives in the Sonia's Langlois Foundation records in Montreal, Canada.
published books:
Marxism and the Democratic Tradition, ASIN: B0014JWIXI, (New York: International Publishers, 1946),
Marxism and the Woman Question (New York: Worker's Library, 1943).
Kroksjö
Kroksjö can mean:
Kroksjö, Umeå Municipality
Kroksjö is a small town in Umeå Municipality, Sweden.
The resort is located along County Road 364 on Lake Kroksjön, about 3 km north of Umeå.
Journal of Pipeline Systems Engineering and Practice
The Journal of Pipeline Systems Engineering and Practice is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society of Civil Engineers that covers topics on pipeline systems, from planning, construction, to safety and maintenance.
This journal has a lot of practical coverage and a good resource for practicing engineers looking for environmental and sustainable pipeline information to address water distribution, wastewater systems, storm sewers and more.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Ei Compendex, ProQuest databases, Civil Engineering Database, Inspec, Science Citation Index Expanded, Scopus, and EBSCO databases.
Pa Omar Babou
Pa Omar Babou (born 1 October 1998) is a Gambian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Lommel, on loan from Superstars Academy.
Jon Fuller
Dr. Jon D. Fuller, S.J., is a Jesuit priest, a medical doctor who works with AIDS patients, and a professor.
Fuller studied at the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine and was graduated in 1983.
Fuller is known for his work with HIV/AIDS patients.
He did his residency at the San Francisco General Hospital in 1986.
He was also a resident with the Boston Visiting Nurse Association in 1993.
He is board certified in family practice.
He was the founding president of the National Catholic AIDS Network.
He is assistant director of the Adult AIDS Program at Boston Medical Center.
Fuller teaches at Harvard Divinity School, the Boston University School of Medicine, and is the first Margaret E. Pyne Professor of Pastoral Studies at Weston Jesuit School of Theology.
Kroksjö, Lycksele Municipality
Kroksjö is a village of about fifty houses located in Lycksele Municipality,Sweden, about four kilometres west of Lycksele.
Nicolaus Georg Geve
Nicolaus Georg Geve , also Claus Georg Geve ( 1712 - June 21, 1789 in Schleswig ) was a Danish painter and illustrator.
It is thought that Geve was born in either Schleswig or Hesse.
Geve was a student of the royal Danish court painter Johann Salomon Wahl in Copenhagen.
Later he made numerous trips through Germany, France and Italy to earn a living in cities and on country estates as a portrait painter.
In the 1740s he worked in Lübeck , Schwerin and Hamburg.
In 1756 he applied to paint the audience room in the Lübeck town hall but this commission went to Stefano Torelli.
In 1755 he began publishing the "Monatliche Belustigungen im Reiche der Natur" (Monthly amusements in the realm of nature) in Hamburg .
On 33 plates, it shows a total of 463 shells in detailed watercolour on copperplate engravings.
The work was first completely published in 1790 from his estate by the Hamburg doctor and natural scientist Johann Dominikus Schultze .
From 1765/66 he stayed in Schleswig and finally settled there in 1770.
Here he worked for the governor Karl von Hessen-Kassel and as a drawing teacher at the Schleswig cathedral school .
Several of his portraits have survived through engravings by Martin Bernigeroth and Christian Fritzsch.
In 1759 he married Catharina Dorothea Zöllner, a daughter of the decorative painter Johann Martin Zöllner in Copenhagen, who had been a chambermaid of Louise of Denmark until the Princess died in 1756 .
The couple died without descendants.
Hence Geve's significant collection of old paintings, drawings and engravings came up for auction as in individual pieces .
Portrait of the pastor Erdmann Neumeister , Hamburg , main church Sankt Jacobi in Hamburg.
Portrait of the pastor Heinrich Scharbau (1759) St. Aegidien in Lübeck.
Half-length portrait of Johann Gottlob Carpzov (1747), Lübeck, formerly above the entrance to the Carpzov grave chapel in the castle church , today St. Anne's Museum (engraved in 1747 by Johann Martin Bernigeroth ).
Full-length portrait of Johann Gottlob Carpzov (1756), Lübeck, St. Marien , destroyed in the air raid on Lübeck in 1942 survived in partial copy from 1760 by an unknown painter, on permanent loan from the St. Annen Museum to the Stadtbibliothek (Lübeck)
Portrait of the Duke Karl Leopold of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (?)
(1747), State Museum Schwerin.
Full figure portrait of Pastor Peter Cramer (1777), Schleswig Cathedral.
Nissen comments on "Conchylien-Cabinet" for which Geve supplied 33 plates in copper engraving with 434 figures "the extremely careful painting in water colors was much praised and remained exemplary for a long time "
Content in this edit is translated from the existing German Wikipedia article at ; see its history for attribution.
Past Cure
Past Cure is an independent action game developed by Phantom 8.
In the game the player controls Ian, a former elite soldier, who has undergone military experiments and tries to uncover his past.
"Past Cure" was released on 23 February 2018 for Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
"Past Cure" is an action indie video game.
Played from a third-person perspective, the player controls Ian, a former elite soldier.
Ian sets out to uncover the truth about military experiments that were done to him, which gave him special powers.
Abilities include the power to slow time and astral projection.
Ian, assisted by his brother, also tries to master his abilities.
Ian goes to the criminal underworld where he uses his special powers to survive.
However, every time he uses his powers, his mind becomes more detached from reality.
Simon Gerdesmann, managing director of Phantom 8, said the idea to develop a game started from a pitch from a friend.
While hesitant at first, he later decided to develop the game.
The development started in March 2016 with three video game developers, later the team expanded to six people in the middle of the development stage but in the end the team grew to eight people.
Simon said because of eight people in the team, the studio was called Phantom 8.
The studio is an international team, with people from Turkey, Belgium, Egypt, Romania, England, and Macedonia.
The game is built in Unreal Engine.
The inspirations for the game were "Silent Hill", and "Metal Gear Solid".
Review aggregator Metacritic calculated an average score of 37 out of 100, based on 22 reviews, indicating "Generally unfavorable reviews".
John Cal McCormick of the "Push Square" said that the game is bad, and he further elaborated that, "But it's also the best kind of bad game, in that it's not for a lack of effort or that the team were bereft of ideas that the finished product doesn't come together".
Makedonski of the "Destructoid" wrote that, "This is a game that is flawed to its core.
The mangled story and shoddy design prevent any single aspect from ever sticking out as something special.
Don't even risk taking a bargain bin flier on this one.
You'll only end up frustrating yourself".
Jon Denton of Trusted Reviews wrote, ""Past Cure" has a much lower budget than most action games, and it’s refreshing that the team didn’t use crowdfunding to get their project off the ground".
Erin Castillo of "COGconnected" praised the game for "good use of its textural environments" she further added that, "[the game is] really capturing both Ian’s real world and his dream one and the cutscenes within this story-driven narrative are well done as well".
Chandler Wood of the "PlayStation LifeStyle" wrote that the voice actors of the game were uninterested in delivering their lines, he further explained that, "There were numerous places where I felt that my Google Assistant’s voice would do a better job at reading the lines than the voice actors did".
Vijaykrishnan Narayanan
Vijaykrishnan Narayanan is the A. Robert Noll Chair of Computer Science and Engineering at Pennsylvania State University.
He has been on the faculty at Penn State since 1998.
He is an international expert in computer architecture.
His research and teaching interests include computer architecture, embedded and mobile computing systems design, power and reliability aware design, and emerging technologies in computing systems.
Vijaykrishnan Narayanan received his B.E.
in Computer Science and Engineering from University of Madras in 1993, and his Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of South Florida in 1998, respectively.
Vijaykrishnan Narayanan joined the faculty of the Pennsylvania State University as an assistant professor in 1998.
He was promoted to the rank of full professor in 2007.
Vijaykrishnan Narayanan has worked in the area of power-aware design.
With colleagues at Penn State, he developed architectural level power simulators, SimplePower and SoftWatt.
He has developed application-specific architectures, including the design, implementation, and field-testing of board level designs for DARPA DESA and DARPA Neovision2 programs.
Narayanan has extensive service to the Computer Science and Engineerng research community.
He currently serves as the past chair of ACM Special Interest Group on Design Automation.
Previously he served as a founding co-Editor-in-Chief of ACM's Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems and as Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems.
A list of all his awards follows.
John W. Hayes
John Walker Hayes (1938 - 2019), mostly known as J.W.
Hayes, was a British archaeologist.
Hayes studied at the University of Cambridge and was curator at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto since 1968.
He expertised in Roman pottery, especially Eastern and North-African fine wares.
His most famous books are "Late Roman Pottery" (1972) and "Handbook of Mediterranean Roman Pottery" (1997).
He was distinguished in 1990 with the Gold Medal Award for Distinguished Archaeological Achievement.
Daral (food)
Daral is a Filipino dessert crêpe rolled into a cylinder and filled with sweetened coconut meat ("hinti").
It originates from the Tausug people of the Philippines.
The crêpe wrapper is similar to the lumpia wrapper, except that it uses batter made from unsweetened ground glutinous rice with coconut milk ("galapong").
However, modern versions can use flour.
List of number-one country singles of 2020 (Canada)
Canada Country is a chart published weekly by "Billboard" magazine.
This 50-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly by airplay on 46 country music stations across the country as monitored by Nielsen BDS.
Songs are ranked by total plays.
As with most other "Billboard" charts, the Canada Country chart features a rule for when a song enters recurrent rotation.
A song is declared recurrent if it has been on the chart longer than 30 weeks and is lower than number 20 in rank.
These are the Canadian number-one country singles of 2020, per the BDS Canada Country Airplay chart.
A Canadian flag denotes a Canadian artist.
James R. Randlett
James R. Randlett (born 1942) is an American politician from Michigan.
He was Mayor of Warren, Michigan From November 7 1981 to November 5, 1985.
James Randlett was a Warren police officer before becomming Mayor.
In 1981 Randlett assumed office after a long hold on the Mayor's office by Ted Bates, after a heated campaign against him.
Also, he ran for mayor in 1977 and 1999.
Randlett campaigned in the daytime because he worked the midnight shift.
So the incumbent, Ted Bates ordered the police commissioner to reschedule him to the day shift.
Randlett spent much of his term in office fighting the City Council and some department heads; occasionally, those conflicts were settled in court at the expense of Warren's taxpayers.
After completing his first term Randlett sued the city of Warren to get his job back as a police officer.
After leaving office in 1985 he was able to resume his service as a police officer and retired in 2001.
On May 1 of 1985 Randlett appointed Ronald Muschong who was Warren`s first police chief confined to a wheelchair.
Some journalist referred to him as a "real-life Chief Ironside."
In 2012 Warren commissioned a portrait of him.
James Randlett now resides in Shelby township.
In 2009 he was appointed to the Shelby township planning commission.
Photograph of James Randlett
Edward Henchy
Edward Henchy (d. 1895) was an American Catholic priest.
For most of his career, he was a Jesuit, and ministered to mission parishes on the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
In 1870, he became the president of Loyola College in Maryland, but resigned just six months later due to illness.
He returned to his ministry work in eastern Maryland, but resigned from the Jesuit order, becoming a diocesan priest, because the eastern part of Maryland had been transferred from the Archdiocese of Baltimore, where the Jesuits operated, to the Diocese of Wilmington.
He died there around 1895.
Edward Henchy received his tonsure and minor orders from Michael Portier, the Bishop of Mobile, on June 21, 1855.
He eventually became a Catholic priest and a member of the Society fo Jesus.
He became the Jesuit mission priest at St. Joseph's Church in Cordova, Maryland, which served the rural Maryland counties of Talbot, Queen Anne's, Kent, Caroline, and Dorchester, as well as Kent and Sussex counties in Delaware as a priest from 1867 to 1870.
While there, he organized the first St. Joseph's Jousting Tournament on August 26, 1868.
Henchy was appointed to succeed John Early in 1870 as president of Loyola College in Maryland and pastor of St. Ignatius Church.
His presidency lasted only six months, however, as he became ill and retired in January 1871, and was succeeded by Stephen A. Kelly.
He again returned to the areas of the Eastern Shore of Maryland, where he previously was a Jesuit missionary.
However, in 1868, ecclesiastical jurisdiction over the part of Maryland east of the Chesapeake Bay region had been transferred from the Archdiocese of Baltimore, in which the Jesuits operated, to the newly erected Diocese of Wilmington.
Therefore, in order to continue ministering to the Catholics there, he left the Society of Jesus, and became a diocesan priest.
In this capacity, he ministered to the area again from 1874 to 1878, as the pastor of the Church of Saints Peter & Paul in Easton, Maryland.
He also served briefly as pastor of St. Joseph's on the Brandywine in Greenville, Delaware.
Henchy died on the Eastern Shore around 1895.
He was buried in St. Peter's Church in Queenstown, Maryland.
Hafez's Shirazi Turk
Hafez's "Shirazi Turk", the third poem alphabetically in the collection of "ghazals" by the 14th-century Persian poet Hāfez of Shiraz, has been described as "the most familiar of Hafez's poems in the English-speaking world".
It was the first poem of Hafez to appear in English, when William Jones made his paraphrase "A Persian Song" in 1771, based on a Latin version supplied by his friend Károly Reviczky.
Edward Granville Browne wrote of this poem: "I cannot find so many English verse-renderings of any other of the odes of Ḥáfiẓ."
More recently Hafez's poem has inspired a number of scholarly articles and some controversy.
Should it be taken at face value, as a poem in which the poet describes his unrequited love for a handsome youth, and turns to wine as a consolation?
Or does it also conceal a hidden Sufi meaning describing the path of Love leading to union with God?
Is the Turk male or female?
Was he or she a real person or an imaginary one?
Another topic that has been discussed is whether the poem is coherent, or whether it fails to have a unified theme.
In Iran, a famous anecdote was told of how the Mongol conquerer Timur (Tamerlane) met Hafez and criticised him for writing so disrespectfully of Bokhara and Samarkand in this poem.
This story first appears in a work called "Anis al-Nas" by Shoja' Shirazi (1426), and it was elaborated on in a collection of biographies of poets ("Tazkerāt aš-Šo'arā") completed in 1486 by Dawlatshah Samarqandi.
If this meeting took place, which is not certain, it must have been during Tamerlane's first visit to Shiraz in 1387, two years before Hafez's death.
It has been argued that the poem is likely to have been written after 1370, when Tamerlane began to develop Samarkand and make it famous as his capital; that is, it was probably written later in Hafez's life, since in 1370 he was 53 or 55.
Prose translations of the poem can be found in Clarke (1891), pp.
40–43, Windfuhr (1990), Hillmann (1995), and Ingenito (2018).
A number of poetic versions are quoted in part or in full by Arberry (1946).
The Persian text of the poem, and recordings in Persian, are available on the Ganjoor website: see External links below.
The transliteration given here is based on that approved by the United Nations in 2012, which represents the current pronunciation of educated speakers in Iran, except that to make scansion easier, the long vowels are marked with a macron (ā, ē, ī, ō, ū).
(See Romanization of Persian.)
The glottal stop is written ('), and "kh" (as in "Khayyām") is written "x".
The metre is the "hazaj".
Like the Indian "śloka", each "bayt" or verse is made of two 16-syllable half-verses; these half verses or hemistichs in turn are divided into two halves of eight syllables each.
Hafez uses this metre in its 16-syllable form in 25 of his 530 poems.
Underlined syllables in the transcription indicate "overlong" syllables, which take up the length of a long + short syllable combined (see Persian metres).
The text of the poem is not entirely certain.
The version given above is that of Muhammad Qazvini and Qasem Ghani (1941).
However, of ten manuscripts examined by Mas'ud Farzaad, in fact only two have the above text.
Nine of the ten manuscripts agree on the order of verses 1–5 and 9.
But concerning verses 6–8 there is more disagreement.
One manuscript has the order 1, 2, 7, 6, 3, 9, omitting 4, 5 and 8.
Another manuscript omits verses 6 and 7.
In the other manuscripts verses 6, 7, and 8 are found in various orders: 7, 8, 6; 8, 7, 6; and 6, 8, 7.
Bashiri (1979) argued that verses 6 and 7 are interpolations, and Rehder (1974) suggested that one or both of verses 4 and 8 might be spurious.
Eight of the manuscripts have a different version of verse 6, namely
The first of these two lines is actually a quotation from a "ghazal" of Saadi.
The sex of the Turk is not expressed grammatically in Persian.
The earliest translators of this poem all translated it as though the Turk were feminine, beginning with William Jones, whose version begins: "Sweet maid, if thou wouldst charm my sight...".
In fact, however, although in the great Persian narrative epics and romances the love interest was always female, there was also a long tradition of love poetry in Persian in which, in the great majority of cases, the person whose beauty was praised was male.
Among the poets who wrote love poems of this kind were Farrokhi (11th century), Manuchehri (11th century), Sanai (12th century), Anvari (12th century), Iraqi (13th century), Saadi (13th century) and Awhadi (14th century).
Often the object of the poet's admiration was described as a "Turk" (Turks were supposed to be especially good-looking), as in the couplet below from a "qasida" of Manuchehri:
Saadi, a poet of Shiraz, used the phrase "Shirazi Turk" a century before Hafez:
Khwaju Kermani, another poet resident in Shiraz a generation before Hafez, wrote:
In poems of the early part of the period the object of the poet's love was often a soldier; later he became any kind of adolescent youth, but military metaphors continued to be used to describe the effect his beauty had on the poet.
Modern scholars are therefore in agreement that Hafez's "Shirazi Turk" was almost certainly male.
It is possible that he was even an imaginary figure introduced as the topic of the poem.
The 16th-century Bosnian-Turkish commentator on Hafez, Ahmed Sudi wrote: "Turk: the word originally means the Tatar people.
Since Tatars are known as cruel, merciless and bloody people, Persian poets metaphorically compare their beloveds to them.
And this is why these poets call their beloveds 'Turks'."
But Sudi also reports another theory: "Some people from Shiraz say that many soldiers in [the Mongol ruler] Hulagu’s army made the city of Shiraz their home and lived there for successive generations.
So, literally speaking, it is not incorrect to call their descendants 'Turks of Shiraz'."
A suggestion by Qasem Ghani that the Turk might have been the son of Shah Shoja', the ruler of the time, is dismissed as "improbable" by Hillmann in view of the fact that "Turk" usually simply means "beloved" and that the phrase had already been used by Saadi.
The practice of Sufism (Islamic mysticism) was widespread in Iran at these centuries and greatly influenced Persian poetry.
In a tradition which started with Ahmad Ghazali (11th–12th century) brother of the more famous Mohammad al-Ghazali, and which continued in the Sufi poets Attar (12th century) and Iraqi (13th century), mystical doctrines were often expressed using the idioms of love poetry, in accordance with Ghazali's teaching that the contemplation of a beautiful youth was a way to contemplate the beauty of God.
However, how far this poem of Hafez is to be taken in a mystical sense is disputed.
One of those who interpreted it mystically is Clarke (1895), who explains that the Turk symbolises God, Samarkand and Bukhara signify this world and the next, the wine is the mysteries of love, and so on.
E. G. Browne, however, did not entirely favour this approach.
In volume 3 of his "Literary History of Persia" he wrote:
Gertrude Bell, in her "Poems from the Divan of Hafiz" (1897), p. 129, wrote: "The whole poem has received a mystical interpretation which seems to me to add but little to its value or to its intelligibility."
Similarly in the 16th century, the Turkish commentator on Hafez, Ahmed Sudi, adopted a literal approach to Hafez's poetry, rejecting the excessively mystical interpretations of his predecessors Sürūrī and Şemʿī.
The ruler of Shiraz in Hafez's time, Shah Shoja', also found both aspects, spiritual and worldly, in Hafez's poems.
He is said to have complained that Hafez's poetry was "at one moment mystical, at another erotic and bacchanalian; now serious and spiritual, and again flippant and worldly".
Many modern commentators agree with Browne and Bell, and the majority accept the ode at its face value.
Iraj Bashiri on the other hand argues strongly for a Sufi interpretation of this poem.
He quotes part of the conversation which Hafez is supposed to have had with Tamerlane:
Bashiri compares this poem with another of Hafez's ghazals, "sīne mālāmāl-e dard ast, ey derīqā, marham-ī" ("my heart is brimful of pain; alas!
a remedy"), which is more obviously Sufic in character.
According to Bashiri, both poems speak of the seven stages of Love an initiate must go through to achieve union with the Divine (loss of heart, regret, ecstasy, loss of patience, loss of consciousness, loss of mind, annihilation).
Bashiri also draws attention to the apparent astronomical references: the sun (which was sometimes known as "Tork-e falak" "the Turk of the firmament"), Saturn (sometimes referred to as "Hendū-ye čarx" "the Indian of the sky"), Venus and other bright planets ("Lūlīyān"), the seven planets ("Torkan"), the star Aldebaran ("Zoleyxā"), the Pleiades ("Sorayyā"), and the Firmament itself ("falak").
All of these can be given Sufi meanings.
His interpretation is therefore at odds that of Hillmann, who in his turn dismisses Bashiri's article as unscholarly.
Ingenito omits it from his bibliography.
However, even Hillmann acknowledges that in this poem there is a certain ambivalence – the ambiguity or "īhām" for which Hafez is famous.
"The allusion to Joseph and Zulaykha may seem to some to be wholly in the spiritual area of the spectrum, whereas the minstrel-and-wine image in bayt 8 and the self-praise in bayt 9 perhaps can be taken only as part of the physical world."
The question of the intent of the poem therefore is open to interpretation, some critics taking it wholly as a physical description of love, others like Arberry as a "grand philosophical utterance".
One possible point of contact between this poem and Sufic thought is the use of the Arabic word "independent, self-sufficient" in verse 4.
The related noun, "independence, self-sufficiency, opulence" is found in , and also in Attar's Sufi poem the Conference of the Birds, where one of the chapters is titled "the Valley of Detachment".
Arberry (1946) points out that most of the features of this ode are traditional stock motifs from Persian love poetry, and he quotes some lines of Saadi where the same themes recur.
For example, the "xāl-e Hendū" ("mole of an Indian" i.e.
dark in colour) also appears in a "ghazal" of Saadi.
In the following verse Saadi contrasts the darkness of the mole with the paleness of the beloved's face:
A "xān-e yaqmā" ("table, or food-cloth, of plunder") is said to have been a feast given at public expense to which all were invited.
But the idea behind this line is that the "Turk" (beloved) plunders the heart of the poet, as in this verse of Saadi:
The idea that a beautiful face has no need for cosmetics or jewellery is contained in the following verse of Saadi:
Hillmann translates ("line") as "eye-liner (peach-fuzz?)"
and Windfuhr as "eyeline".
However, the normal meaning of "xat(t)" ("line") in Persian love poetry is the line of the growing moustache which adorns an adolescent boy's lip.
So it would refer to an actual physical feature of the face rather than to make-up.
The phrase (or ) is frequent in the poets, as in the following line of Hafez quoted by Yarshater:
Other features of the poem, such as the tumult of love, the story of Yusof and Zoleykha, the piercing of pearls (to make a necklace of verses), are also commonly found in Hafez and other poets.
This ode has excited the admiration of numerous scholars and translators who have become familiar with it.
Arberry writes of the last verse: "The 'clasp' theme here used is a very common one, but its present treatment is scarcely surpassed for beauty in the whole "Dīvān"."
Hillmann writes: "A first impression of the 'Turk of Shiraz' is of a texture of hyperbole, paradox, a sense of the ultimate or perfection, eloquence, and seriousness, with familiar images and conceits given new vitality through new combination and given form by means of verse patterning."
Some critics, however, have questioned the coherence or unity of the poem, beginning with William Jones's friend and tutor in Persian, Count Károly Reviczky, who wrote in 1768 "I did not translate the poem into Latin verse, on account of the incoherence of the verses", and Jones himself who in his version used the phrase "Like orient pearls at random strung".
The chief critic in this area is Hillman, who wrote: "One might conclude that the "Turk of Shiraz" is not a wholly successful poem precisely because it seems lacking in unity, no other aspect or feature of the ghazal having been demonstrated to compensate for this lack."
Defending the poem from such criticism, Arberry finds only two themes in it: "The principal theme is – the fair charmer, beautiful, proud, unapproachable, the human, this-worldly reflection of the immortal loveliness of the Divine spirit.
...
The subsidiary theme is – wine (and music) are the sole consolation of the lover, to compensate his sorrow over the incapacity of his love, and the transitory nature of mundane affairs."
He scorns the idea that the poem has no unity.
Rehder finds that rather than thematic unity, the poem has "an obvious unity of thought and mood".
Brianne Pfannenstiel
Brianne Pfannenstiel is an American journalist who serves as Chief Politics Reporter for "The Des Moines Register".
Pfannenstiel co-moderated the seventh Democratic debate with Wolf Blitzer and Abby Phillip on January 14, 2020.
Pfannenstiel was born in Kansas in 1988 to parents Peggy Jo and Pat.
She attended the University of Kansas, graduating in 2010 with a degree in Journalism.
On October 11, 2016, her mother died of cancer at the age of 54.
After graduating from the University of Kansas, Pfannenstiel worked as a reporter for the "The Kansas City Star" and "Lawrence Journal-World", where she covered the 2010 United States elections.
In 2015, she relocated to Iowa to join "The Des Moines Register".
In the 2016 Iowa caucus cycle, Pfannenstiel initially covered the Scott Walker campaign, followed by the Donald Trump campaign.
Pfannenstiel was selected Chief Politics Reporter for the 2020 United States presidential election.
Pfannenstiel has been featured on C-SPAN, and appeared twice as a guest on "At This Hour with Kate Bolduan."
After co-moderating the seventh Democratic debate, Pfannenstiel was listed by "Vox" as a "Winner" of the debate.
Google searches for Pfannenstiel also increased 4,200 percent during the debate.
National Monument of the Kasbah
The National Monument of the Kasbah (), more simply called the National Monument, is a memorial monument and a prominent symbol of several events in Tunisia.
It is located in the center of the Kasbah Square in Tunis, facing the Town Hall.
The monument was designed and executed by the Tunisian sculptor Abdelfattah Boussetta In 1989.
It also appears as a background image on the Tunisian ID cards.
Galactic Warrior Rats
Galactic Warrior Rats is a video game developed by Mikev Design, published by Summit Software and released in 1992 for the Amiga and ported to DOS in 1993.
The game was also released in 1994 in the "Famous Collection" game compilation.
Three laboratory rats named Einstein, Newton and Darwin are on board a spaceship, when unexpectedly the spaceship crashes into a mysterious planet called Smeaton Five.
The explosion of the spaceship kills all onboard, but mutates the rats into humanoid-like creatures, they self-christen Galactic Warrior Rats.
Smeaton Five is highly polluted and is rigged for destruction.
The three rats venture through the planet's dangerous complex to destroy any defense robot that gets in their way and ultimately shut down the core computer to save Smeaton Five and themselves.
The player chooses of one the three Galactic Warrior Rats who pilot a biosphere vehicle.
The biosphere can have its speed, weapons, ammunition and handling upgraded.
Upgrades require credits.
During the gameplay, the player will manuever the rat in his biosphere.
The object is to guide the biosphere through maze-like levels to the exit.
The biosphere can fire in one of eight directions.
Destroying enemies earns credits.
Touching enemies drains the biosphere's vitality.
If one rat dies in the biosphere explosion, the player must choose a different rat to play.
If all three rats are destroyed, then the game is over.
1434 oath
The 1434 oath was taken by members of the English gentry and swore them to refrain from harbouring law-breakers and other breakers of the King's Peace.
In 1434 the King, Henry VI, was still a legal minor, and the royal council ruled on his behalf.
Aware of the important role the gentry and nobility played in the regions in keeping law and order, the council believed that it would be a positive step for these men to swear an oath "that they would neither use their wealth and influence to undertake criminal activities nor maintain lesser men" who did.
The nobility had already taken a similar oath in the House of Lords the previous year at the instigation of the Commons, which also took the oath on the same day.
It was then decided that all major landholders in the country should also swear the same.
The oath instructed that all who took it would not:
On 20 January the parliament's Knights of the Shire were instructed to compose and submit to Chancery a list of those property holders who qualified in their constituencies.
The oath itself was taken in the localities on 1 May the same year.
Of the 36 counties of which lists were presumably made, 29 survive in Chancery.
They comprise over 4,000 names, generally listed from the highest-ranking to the lowest.
Ten men appear on multiple lists.
Bogner has called this collection a "15th-century "Who's Who"...a rare snapshot of the movers and shakers in local society".
The oath of 1434 has been described by the prosopographer Gilbert Bogner as constituting the "the most comprehensive list of English knights" of the century.
The oath was a response to a perceived increase in lawlessness in the regions, which itself was seen as having been caused by illegal retaining.
The 1434 oath was used the following year to encourage John Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk to improve his behaviour.
Although Mowbray had sworn with the other lords in 1433, his behaviour, which seems to have been riotous, had continued in the same manner.
Mowbray was instructed to "have bysilie in his mynde and for kepyng of his honour observe in all poyntes tharticle assured as wele by hym as other lordes and estates of this land in the kynges hande at the last parlement holden at Westm'".
The oath’s significance to historians, argues Bogner, was that it lists the gentry whom the crown considered "capable of retaining men as a force for their own ends", and who were trained in war.
Similarly, the medievalist Ralph A. Griffiths suggests that those who took the oath were "socially prominent or politically powerful" men, while Edward Powell considers that those who signed can be considered gentry by the historian, regardless of the signatory’s actual employment.
The fact that the oath was deemed necessary indicates the extent to which law and order was considered to have collapsed in the regions.
Christian Liddy, in a study of the oath-taking in the Palatinate of Durham suggests that the oath was not confined to the gentry class.
In that region at least, he says, there was a "preponderance of low-income and sub-manorial esquires" also taking part.
Christine Carpenter had similar results in her examination of Warwickshire society, discovering that wealth was not a critical factor in deciding who took the oath.
For example, Sir Thomas Ferrers appears in the tax return of 1436–indicating he was considered wealthy enough to be taxed—but he was not summoned to take the oath takers two years previously.
The social class of oath-taker appears to have varied from county to county.
Figures available from the Kentish oath-taking, for instance, indicate that around a third of those who swore the oath in Kent were yeomen rather than gentry.
The numbers of men called upon also varied wildly between areas; those from Kent numbered over 300, for example, while Lancashire swore less than 80.
For some individuals of the period events such as the 1434 oath are the only occasion on which they appear on the historical record.
Bogner highlights, for example, Sir John Colepepir of Warwickshire, who, Bogner writes, apart from his being knighted, has "yet left virtually no impression on the records aside from also swearing the 1434 oath and dying in 1482".
Journal of Waterway, Port, Coastal, and Ocean Engineering
The Journal of Waterway, Port, Coastal, and Ocean Engineering is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society of Civil Engineers.
It covers all aspects of civil engineering related to ocean, coastal, and river waters.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Civil Engineering Database, EBSCO databases, Ei Compendex, Inspec, ProQuest databases, Science Citation Index Expanded, and Scopus.
The "Transactions of the American Society of Civil Engineers" was established in 1874 as the official journal of the American Society of Civil Engineers.
By 1956, the society's growth and specialization required more coverage, and the journal was split into 12 specialized journals.
The journal has undergone several name changes since:
Lower Lea Valley Cable Tunnels
The Lower Lea Valley Cable Tunnels, known as the PLUG (Power Line Under Ground) Project during construction, are a pair of 6 km cable tunnels running beneath the lower Lea Valley in east London.
Constructed at a cost of £130m ahead of the 2012 London Olympic Games, they are owned by National Grid plc and UK Power Networks.
The two tunnels run south from Hackney substation to West Ham substation at a depth of 20-30m below ground.
One tunnel is 4.15m in diameter and carries a 400 kV circuit as part of the National Grid, while the other tunnel is 2.82m in diameter and carries a 132 kV circuit as part of the London power distribution network.
The UK Power Networks tunnel also features an 850m spur tunnel to link it to the substation in Bow.
The tunnels replaced two overground power lines which crossed the area which would be turned into the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park.
The cable tunnels were one of the first major projects for the London Olympics, and was critical to allow subsequent work on the Olympic Park to continue on schedule.
After the tunnels were commissioned, the 52 pylons and 80km of overhead wires were removed and recycled.
More than 200,000 cubic metres of spoil was generated, the majority of which was reused in the construction of the Olympic Park.
Chamod Wickramasuriya
Chamod Wickramasuriya (born 27 May 1999) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 15 January 2020, for Galle Cricket Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
Scott Spinelli
Scott Spinelli is an American college basketball coach who is currently an assistant coach of the Boston College men's basketball team.
He previously held the same position at Texas A&M, and Maryland.
Scott Spinelli was born in Leominster, Massachusetts.
He is a 1989 graduate of Boston University, where he was a member of the basketball team under coach Mike Jarvis, helping the Terriers advance to the NCAA tournament in 1988.
Widely regarded as one of the top assistant coaches in college basketball, Spinelli has earned a reputation as an excellent recruiter and game tactician during a career that has seen him have success at every level of basketball.
He began his coaching career on the prep level in 1990 at Milford Academy, where he spent three seasons as head coach and coached several Division I prospects.
In 1993, Spinelli started the basketball program at The Winchendon School in Winchendon, Mass., where in the first three years of the program's history, he led them to two appearances in the NEPSAC Class A Tournament championship game.
Spinelli also produced numerous Division I players at Winchendon, including former McDonald's All-American Randell Jackson, who played in the NBA with the Washington Wizards and Dallas Mavericks.
During Spinelli's three seasons under Barry Collier at Nebraska, the Cornhuskers reached the postseason twice.
Collier is now the Athletic Director at Butler University and the man responsible for hiring Brad Stevens.
Spinelli then served as the associate head coach at Wichita State University during the 2006-2007 season.
This became the first of three schools that he served as assistant coach under head coach Mark Turgeon.
The Shockers were ranked as high as #8 in the AP Poll and were victorious over George Mason, LSU and Syracuse on the road.
After former Texas A&M head men's basketball coach Billy Gillispie left to coach at Kentucky, Turgeon was immediately hired as head coach of the Aggies on April 10, 2007, thus bringing Spinelli with him to serve as his top assistant.
Turgeon and Spinelli acquired all of Gillispie's recruits for the 2007–08 season, including 5 star-rated DeAndre Jordan.
The Aggies started the season ranked 14th in the preseason Coaches Poll.
Spinelli enjoyed great success during his four-year stint as an assistant at Texas A&M.
From 2007-2011, the Aggies had their greatest four-year win total in school history.
The program also won the 2007 NIT Preseason Tip-Off and earned a berth to the NCAA Tournament all four years, while advancing to the round of 32 in 2008, 2009 and 2010.
In May 2011, Turgeon met with his coaching staff and players to inform them that half an hour earlier he accepted the head coach position at the University of Maryland.
Turgeon quickly offered Spinelli a position on his staff at Maryland, which was accepted.
While at Maryland, Spinelli helped the program land three recruiting classes, all nationally ranked in the top 25, including a top 10 class in 2014.
The 2012-13 Terrapins won 25 games and reached an NIT Final Four.
They were also the only program in the country to beat Duke twice in that season, with Spinelli having the game scout each time.
In 2014, it was announced that Spinelli had accepted an assistant coaching position at Boston College under head coach Jim Christian.
During the 2017-2018 season, the Eagles knocked off #1 ranked Duke, marking the third time in Spinelli's career that his scouting report took down the Blue Devils.
Spinelli is regarded as one of the top recruiters in the country, who has the unique ability to find "diamonds in the rough."
A defier of player rankings, Spinelli has proven numerous times that he can turn unheralded recruits into NBA stars.
Spinelli's impact has been felt at all of his coaching stops.
While at Nebraska, Spinelli signed two nationally ranked recruiting classes and recruited all Big 12 selection Aleks Maric.
Collier, the head coach at the time stated, “The leadership part is being able to find students that fit ability-wise and character-wise.
I think Scott (can do) both.
“This is a whole thing about treating people the right way, and he does that.”
Spinelli has now sent players to the National Basketball Association (NBA) from three different schools.
While at Texas A&M, Spinelli recruited current Milwaukee Bucks All-star Khris Middleton and current Brooklyn Nets star DeAndre Jordan.
Over the years, Middleton has credited Spinelli for getting him to where he is today.
“Coach Spinelli is one of the best coaches I have had.
He has a great command and passion in his ability to recruit top level talent, but also develop and motivate that talent to reach its full potential.
It is exactly what he was able to do for me.
He is one of the main reasons I’m able to fulfill my dream of playing in the NBA.” Middleton scored a career-high 51 points in a Bucks win over the Washington Wizards on January 28th, 2020.
As an assistant coach under Turgeon at Maryland, Spinelli recruited current Atlanta Hawks center Alex Len and Minnesota Timberwolves forward Jake Layman.
Turgeon said, “Scott is a terrific recruiter and teacher.
He is very passionate and has a strong feel for the game.
Scott has been successful at every stop and is more than ready to lead a program.
Scott is a bulldog recruiter with tremendous connections across the country.
He is also an excellent coach with a tremendous basketball mind."
In his current position at Boston College, Spinelli was the lead recruiter of current Los Angeles Clippers forward Jerome Robinson and Golden State Warriors guard Ky Bowman.
Robinson was drafted with the 13th overall pick in the 2018 draft, becoming the first ever lottery pick out of Boston College.
When Robinson was selected by the Clippers, he said, “Coach Spinelli has changed my life more than any coach I have ever had.
From Day 1, as an unheralded HS recruit, he had a vision for me to reach my full potential.
While many may have visions, Coach Spinelli also has the knowledge, experience, and positive energy that kept me focused and working not only towards achieving my dream of playing in the NBA, but making me a complete athlete, socially & academically.
Coach believes in being prepared for when the ball stops bouncing also!
If it was not for him, and his belief in me, I would not be where I am today.
Forever my coach, friend, mentor, and part of my family!”
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Women's 400 metres hurdles
The women's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 13 and 14 July 1987.
Neulehrer
Neulehrer (literally "new teachers" is the name given to the educational personnel graduating from a course that isn't integrated in a degree, introduced by the Allies in the four occupation zones of Germany from 1945 to 1949.
The allied goal was to substitute all teachers influenced by a Nazi past in German schools and guarantee that the German youth would receive a pro-democracy education (→ Reeducation and Denazification.
For the recovery of education after the end of the Second World War in Germany, the path to teaching was opened to graduates through short courses, and in the Soviet occupation zone also to young workers.
All persons who could demonstrate having an academic degree were accepted into the program, as long as they had no link with the Nazi Party or with its state organs.
The program mainly taught pedagogy as it was known at the time, so that in a few months the students could work as teachers.
In the Soviet occupation zone the courses normally lasted 4 to 8 months, often in specially designed schools, where young workers were specially promoted.
In the western occupation zones all universities opened pedagogy courses that graduated new teachers at maximum in one year.
Although in the first school year a few teachers with a Nazi past were still tolerated, the directives for their stay in their jobs gradually became more strict.
In the western occupation zones starting from 1947 some teachers with dubious pasts could return to teaching after the "Entbräunungskursen" (Denazification courses), while in the Soviet occupation the programme was so extensive that a large part of the existing teacher corps was remplaced by approximately 40,000 new teachers.
Although the old teachers questioned the quality of a professional retraining of at maximum one year, thanks to the general academical formation of the new teachers the result was good enough and allowed for a stable job for members of professions that had no other alternatives in post-war Germany.
The large majority of the new teachers remained for a large time in their new jobs.
In the Soviet occupation zone the introduction of new teachers also served to guarantee the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) control over school education.
In 1949 already 67.8% of teaching positions were filled by new teachers.
47.7% of these teachers belonged to the SED, and 13% to the LDP and 10% to the east German Christian Democratic Union, the later two being bloc parties under SED control.
In that way the SED achieved ample control over school education.
Bimbo Fatokun
Bimbo Fatokun (born 13 October 1978 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian retired footballer
Fatokun started his senior career with Royal Antwerp, where he made over one hundred and twenty-two appearances and scored over twenty goals.
After that, he played for English club Scarborough Athletic and Belgian clubs K.R.C.
Mechelen and KFC Schoten SK before retiring in 2005.
Matz Skoog
Matz Skoog (born 1957) is a Swedish dancer and director, and the artistic director of English National Ballet from 2001 to 2005.
Skoog was born in Stockholm on 10 April 1957.
He trained with the Royal Swedish Ballet School.
2020 Japan Golf Tour
The 2020 Japan Golf Tour season is being played from 16 January to 6 December.
The season consists of 25 official money events, mostly in Japan.
Other than the four majors, which are played outside Japan, there is one event played in Singapore and one event in South Korea.
The SMBC Singapore Open is co-sanctioned by the Asian Tour.
The Shinhan Donghae Open is co-sanctioned by the Asian Tour and the Korean Tour.
The table below shows the 2020 schedule.
The number in parentheses after each winner's name is the number of Japan Golf Tour events he had won up to and including that tournament.
This information is only shown for Japan Golf Tour members (does not include the four major golf championships).
Source:
Big Brother Brasil 20
Big Brother Brasil 20 is the twentieth season of "Big Brother Brasil" which premiered on January 21, 2020 on the Rede Globo.
The show is produced by Endemol Shine and presented by Tiago Leifert.
The grand prize is R$1.5 million with tax allowances, plus a R$150.000 prize offered to the runner-up and a R$50.000 prize offered to the housemate in third place.
The season originally featured 18 housemates divided into two groups of 9: "Celebrities", composed of actors, singers, professional athletes and social media personalities, and "Civilians", composed of everyday Brazilians.
On week 2, 4 new housemates entered the game as part of a twist, bringing the number of housemates up to 22.
In order to celebrate the show's 20th season anniversary, competitions and twists from previous seasons will be revived and scattered again this year.
This is going to be the longest season of the franchise ever.
This season, each housemate will be able to use a cellphone to capture moments in the house during a time determined by production.
The cell phone will only allow them to post photos and videos to #FeedBBB and see what other housemates are saying about each other.
It will not allow contact with the outside world.
Along with it's regular powers, this season the HoH will also be tasked with splitting their housemates into haves and have-nots as well as choosing what and how much each group will be eating.
This HoH will also be awarded their own private party at the end of their HoH reign.
On day 1, 18 housemates entered the Big Brother house, divided by a wall with Celebrities on one side and Civilians on the other.
The two groups were not able to see each other until the end of night 2, after the wall fell.
Twist introduced in "Big Brother Brasil 9".
Each week, two nominated housemates (either by a House vote or a voting twist) compete against each other for one last chance to save themselves from the block.
Housemates nominated by the HoH are not eligible to compete and are sent straight to the public vote.
A re-worked version of a twist featured in the first week of "Big Brother Brasil 18".
On day 12, four additional housemates entered the Glass house where the public voted for two of them (one man and one woman) to move into the main House.
Twist introduced in "Big Brother Brasil 9", re-used in "Big Brother Brasil 11" (featuring the first five evicted housemates from that season) and "Big Brother Brasil 13".
Once in a while, the Big Phone rings, unleashing good or bad consequences on the nomination process for those who decide to answer it.
Twist introduced in "Big Brother Brasil 8", permanent from then onwards.
At the beggining of each week, the previous Head of Household is given the opportunity to disqualify some housemates from competing in the upcoming HoH competition.
Twist introduced in "Big Brother Brasil 12", permanent from then onwards.
The cast list was unveiled on January 18, 2020.
The cast list was unveiled on January 31, 2020.
All numbers are in points and provided by Kantar Ibope Media.
Gianpaolo Zandegiacomo
Giovanni Paolo "Gianpaolo" Zandegiacomo Bianco (born February 19, 1968 in Auronzo di Cadore) is an Italian curler.
He participated in the 2006 Winter Olympics, where the Italian men's team finished in seventh place.
Joseph Sullivan (diplomat)
Joseph Gerard Sullivan (born August 1944) is a career minister in the Senior Foreign Service who has served as the American Ambassador to Zimbabwe (2001-2004) and Angola (1998-2001).
He was also Principal Officer in Cuba from 1993-1996.
He was nominated to be Ambassador to Nicaragua but his nomination was not acted upon by the Senate.
Sullivan lived in the Neponset section of Dorchester, Boston until he was ten years old, when the family moved to the nearby St. Ann's parish.
In seventh grade, he started attending the Boston Latin School.
Sullivan earned an M.A.
degree in Government from Georgetown University and a B.A.
degree from Tufts University (class of 1966).
Common slender bluetongue
The common slender bluetongue or Gunther's skink ("Cyclodomorphus branchialis") is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae.
The species is endemic to Australia.
A Show of Hands (TV series)
A Show of Hands is a series of short films created by puppeteer Tim Lagasse for Nickelodeon.
It was a predecessor to the television program "Oobi".
Each film is about one minute long and follows personified hands as they perform a small skit or a visual illusion.
The series started airing on Nickelodeon as an interstitial program in 1992, and reruns were shown through 1997.
The title is a reference to the phrase "show of hands," used literally to refer to a television show about hands.
Lagasse wrote, directed, and performed "A Show of Hands" at the University of Connecticut while earning his BFA in Puppet Arts.
The series was shot in black and white, with the exception of the vanity card that appears at the end of each film.
After the conclusion of the series, Lagasse went to work as a director and performer on Nickelodeon's "Oobi", which features similar bare hand puppets as characters.
His work on "A Show of Hands" was what led to him being cast on "Oobi".
The films were positively received and won awards from UNIMA and Broadcast Design International.
In 2001, Lagasse began performing an extended live version of the "Show of Hands" skits at the HERE Arts Center in New York.
The films follow a similar format and include recurring elements.
Each film opens with seven white-gloved hands forming a cartoonish face that announces, "And now, Nickelodeon presents "A Show of Hands"."
The hands disperse and present the main part of the short.
It involves individual hands silently acting out skits.
Once the short finishes, an audience of hands gives a big round of applause.
The films close with a shot of the Nickelodeon logo on a hand painted orange.
The films were produced and shot at the University of Connecticut.
They were made in 1991.
The series' opening sequence was filmed entirely under blacklight; the performers wore blacklight-reactive white gloves and dark clothing to create the illusion of hands floating through space.
In the shorts proper, the background was also entirely black, but the puppeteers' hands were bare and certain set pieces were made visible through the use of followspots on particular stage areas.
According to Lagasse, the films were "based on earlier work."
In 1992, "The New York Times" reported that MTV had expressed interest in airing the series.
MTV's parent company, Viacom, acquired the films but aired them on its children's network Nickelodeon instead.
A Nickelodeon vanity card (shot in color, unlike the rest of the segments) was created for the films after Nick acquired them.
They premiered as an interstitial program in 1992, and reruns were shown through 1997.
They were also aired internationally, including on the Australian branch of Nickelodeon in 2000.
On November 16, 2001, Lagasse debuted an extended live version of "A Show of Hands" at the HERE Arts Center in New York City.
Unlike in the television version, Lagasse was the sole performer and did not use gloves.
Each performance lasted one hour and incorporated a blend of new material and techniques from the original films.
Pablo Haro Hernanz
Pablo Haro Hernanz (born 17 June 1997) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Las Palmas Atlético as a right winger.
Born in Segovia, Castile and León, Haro moved to Seville, Andalusia at early age and represented UD Bellavista and AD Nervión as a youth.
He made his first team debut for the latter on 7 February 2016, playing the last nine minutes of a 2–1 "Primera Andaluza" away win against La Barrera CF.
On 13 August 2016, Haro signed for Tercera División side CD Utrera, after a trial period.
On 8 July 2019, he joined UD Las Palmas and was assigned to the reserves in Segunda División B.
Haro made his first team debut for the Canarians on 17 December 2019, starting in a 2–0 away defeat of CD Castellón, for the season's Copa del Rey.
He made his Segunda División debut the following 14 January, coming on as a late substitute for Fabio González in a 0–1 home loss against Real Zaragoza.
Marion A.
(Gus) Wenger
Marion A.
(Gus) Wenger (March 12, 1907-July, 26 1982) was an American psychologist who specialized in psychophysiology.
He was born in Wheeling, West Virginia.
At an early age he was nicknamed Gus.
Wenger died at the age of 75 due to heart failure.
Wenger graduated from the University of Michigan by the late 1920’s with a BA degree.
After working a few years in his family business, he pursued a Doctorate in educational psychology first at the University of Michigan and received his degree from the University of Iowa by 1935.
Wenger worked as a research assistant at the University of Chicago where he examined children with abnormal mental health problems, working with his colleague F. N. Freeman on a test battery that was used within a longitudinal study that focused on mental development.
By 1938, he was assigned as chair of the Department of Psychophysiology at the Samuel S. Fels Research Institute.
Wenger also was offered an Assistant Professor position at Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Ohio.
In 1944, he was asked by J.P. Guliford to work for the Santa Ana Army Air Force Team as a research assistant.
During this time, he assisted in developing a test battery to help choose affective Army Air Force recruits.
He finally joined the Department of Psychology at University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1945 where he worked until his retirement in the mid-70’s.
Dr. Wenger made significant strides in the fields of human development and psychophysiology.
Dr. Wenger was well known for blending psychology and physiology in his research which at the time was fairly uncommon.
He contributed his own original work in psychophysiology when he published Studies of Autonomic Balance in Army Air Forces Personnel in 1948.
After spending a significant amount of time at the Santa Ana Army Air Base working on a test battery with colleague J.P. Guilford, he was able to conduct his own personal research (which led to the creation of "Studies of Autonomic Balance in Army Air Forces Personnel").
The monograph was a part of the Aviation Psychology Program of the Army Air Forces.
What sparked interest in conducting this research was the examination of a previous study done at the Fels Research Institute of Antioch College in 1941.
In this previous study, researchers examined child participants and how certain environmental factors affected their autonomic nervous system and system of skeletal musculature.
Neither of these factors were reasonably measured to an adequate level before it was put on hold due to World War II escalating; however, researchers saw a great deal of promise and potential in future tests.
After the war concluded, psychologists working for the Army Air Forces (Dr. Wenger included) reexamined the study that was done at the Fels Research Institute.
They believed that this study could be applied to the Army Air Forces as a way to rule out unqualified recruits.
It was already known by pilot instructors that excess tension in a pilot’s muscles can lead to adverse effects upon their ability to fly a plane.
Instructors also understood that a pilot needs to have stable emotions and immense concentration especially when maneuvering in a dangerous environment such as a warzone.
There was very little research in relation to adults and the factors of muscle tension and autonomic balance previous to his monograph.
Dr. Wenger decided to test 1,000 air force pilots, 500 navigators and 500 bombardiers in his research.
He used a number of uncontrolled variables that pilots might see while in a war scenario such as “humidity, barometric pressure, temperature, and time of day” to see their effects on muscle tension and autonomic balance.
Some of the measures he observed were measurements such as white blood count, blood sugar, finger temperature, height-weight ratio, oxygen consumption.
Wenger also compared different groups such as flight students to participants who were fatigued or suffered from psycho neuroticism.
"Studies of Autonomic Balance in Army Air Forces Personnel" is considered an internationally-known monograph within psychophysiology.
It placed him in a worthy and recognizable position within psychology and physiology.
Wenger’s research for the Army Air Forces helped to not only pave the way for a strong test battery for air force recruitments but also to solidify psychophysiology as a key division in psychology.
Wenger also contributed  in the “...conceptualization of the role of the autonomic nervous system in emotional behavior.” Some prominent works associated with this topic were Emotion as visceral action: An extension of Lange’s theory, and Mechanical emotion.The second work is considered a response to the psychologist Boring which deals with Wenger’s perspective on viscero-affective behavior.
Both works paved the way for how modern researchers see the connection between emotions and the autonomic nervous system and helped create a foundation for psychophysiology and progressed further understanding of emotional behavior in humans.
During his time as a professor at UCLA, he helped mentor 30+ doctoral students, 15 post-doctorate mentees ”.
During the McCarthy era, teaching staff and research assistants were forced to sign a contract stating that they would remain loyal to the state.
Dr. Wenger took the initiative to persuade his fellow staff to sign the oath, especially students that needed state funding in order to allow them to stay at the university.
In protest of the forced oath of loyalty, Dr. Wenger stepped down from his position as chair of psychology; hence, showing his dedication to the scientific community.
Western slender bluetongue
The western slender bluetongue ("Cyclodomorphus celatus") is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae.
The species is endemic to the lower west coast coast and adjacent areas of Western Australia, including many offshore islands.
Rolon v. Kulwitzky
Rolon v. Kulwitzky (Court of Appeals of California, Second District, Division 4, B002051; March 20, 1984) was an unlawful discrimination case filed by Deborah Johnson and Zandra Rolón, a lesbian couple, against a Los Angeles restaurant, Papa Choux, after they were refused seating in a semi-private booth.
The lower court denied the plaintiffs a preliminary injunction in their action for unlawful discrimination, but the Court of Appeals reversed the lower court, holding that the restaurant engaged in prohibited discrimination.
On January 3, 1983, Deborah Johnson and Zandra Rolón arrived at Papa Choux restaurant in Los Angeles, having made a prior reservation.
The couple, both lesbian activists of color who had been involved in promoting LGBT rights in the area during the 1970s and 1980s, were kicking off their first full weekend together as a couple in honor of Martin Luther King's birthday, which had just been declared a national holiday.
Upon their arrival at the restaurant, the waiter hesitated to seat them, but allowed them into the semi-private "Romantic Booth" in the restaurant's "intimate room" as they requested.
However, the two women were not provided with menus, and after waiting for a while were confronted by the maitre d' and then the restaurant manager, who told them that they could not be served there, and that the booths were reserved for heterosexual couples only.
The exchange escalated to a shouting match, as the activists refused to vacate the booth and the restaurant employees maintaining that serving them was against the law.
The women eventually left, while writing down the names of the personnel involved.
They approached civil rights attorney Gloria Allred, who filed a suit for damages for violation of the Unruh Civil Rights Act, which protects against discrimination based on sex or sexual orientation by businesses, as well as a preliminary injunction prohibiting the restaurant from continuing with their discriminatory policy.
Allred told the press, “We intend to end this dinner discrimination and give Papa Choux’s their just desserts.”
The restaurant never denied the practice, and in several newspaper interviews, the manager, Walter Kulwitzky, and owner, Seymour Jacoby, were quoted as preferring to go to jail rather than obeying a court order to serve same-sex couples, should such an order be issued.
They went so far as to take out an advertisement in the Lost Angeles Times in June 1983, stating that serving any but mixed couples in the booths would "make a mockery of true romance".
The plaintiffs launched a boycott of the restaurant under the name "Stop Dining Discrimination", and protests were mounted in front of the restaurant, including a candlelight vigil in honor of Martin Luther King Jr. Day the following year.
California Superior Court Burt Geernaert, who heard the case, visited the restaurant in the course of the trial, at the end of which he denied the plaintiffs their injunction, ruling that Section 51 of the Civil Code, also known as the Unruh Civil Rights Act, only bars discrimination based on sex, not sexual orientation, and accepting the defendants' claim that the policy was geared to protect other diners from being exposed to behavior they might deem offensive.
However, the plaintiffs appealed, and the Court of Appeals of California, District 4, reversed the ruling.
The appellate court held that the Unruh Civil Rights Act does prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation, and that Chapter IV, article 12, of the Los Angeles Municipal Code specifically prohibits such discrimination in the provision of services by businesses.
The court also rejected the defendants/respondents' central argument about protecting other diners, as the lesbian couple was offered service in the open seating area, where they could be seen by all restaurant patrons, and were only denied service in the private booth.
The restaurant petitioned the California Supreme Court, which declined to hear the case, leaving the appellate decision to stand.
Johnson and Rolón returned to the lower court to get the requested injunction, which was issued, as well as their damages of $250 each (the amount of the requisite municipal fine).
The defendants were also required to pay the plaintiff's attorney's fees for the legal action surrounding the case, which amounted to nearly $30,000.
Rather than comply with the law and serve same-sex couples in the romantic booths, the restaurant decided to eliminate the intimate seating area altogether.
The owner published additional ads and contacted the press, announcing an event to close the controversial section of the restaurant, which he called a "Wake for Romance", to mark the “death” of “true romantic dining.” The event included funeral wreaths, an open bar, and a funeral director was contracted to conduct a ceremony; however, he never showed up on the day.
Gloria Allred was also invited, and declined to attend.
The legal significance of the case was that it was the first instance in which a court held that California’s civil rights bill includes a prohibition of discrimination by businesses on the basis of sexual orientation.
The case has been cited as a precedent in other cases on LGBT discrimination, including before the United States Supreme Court.
The high-profile court challenge also made national news, bringing attention to the impact of prejudice on ordinary people.
Since then, the case has been included in school, university and law school curricula and books about civil rights and LGBT history.
Acropyga exsanguis
Acropyga exsanguis is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae.
It lives in underground nests in Mexico, Central and South America.
Over 450 ant species have been collected at La Selva Biological Station in Costa Rica, including several species of "Acropyga".
These are small, stocky ants less than long, and "A. exsanguis" is not easy to distinguish from related species.
The dorsal surface is rather more densely covered in short hairs than is the case with "Acropyga keira", another species found at La Selva.
This neotropical ant is known from Mexico, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Venezuela and Argentina.
It occurs at altitudes up to about , typical habitats including wet or moist lowland rainforest, mesophyll forest and montane wet forest.
It lives in colonies underground and this subterranean existence means it is poorly represented in ant surveys; it has been found most often by sifting through leaf litter, but has occasionally been observed under stones or visiting bait.
The fact that it is much more common than might be expected from survey results is shown by the vast swarms of males that were seen twice in 1991 at La Selva Biological Station during the wet season.
This ant lives underground in a large, diffuse nest.
The ants move the nest upwards and downwards according to the conditions of the soil, descending deeper when the ground becomes dry.
The nests have multiple queens, either because they were founded by several newly-mated reproductives, or because they have recruited further queens since their foundation.
This ant lives in symbiosis with several species of mealybug which live in its nest.
These include "Geococcus coffeae", "Rhizoecus coffeae", "Pseudorhizoecus proximus", "Rhizoecus caladii", and "Rhizoecus falcifer", and on several occasions, queens have been observed setting off on their nuptial flight carrying a fertilised female mealybug.
Athletics at the 1987 Summer Universiade – Women's 400 metres
The women's 400 metres event at the 1987 Summer Universiade was held at the Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb on 13 and 15 July 1987.
Helmi (surname)
Delirium (Lena Philipsson song)
"Delirium" is a song by Swedish singer Lena Philipsson from her ninth studio album "Det gör ont en stund på natten men inget på dan " (2004).
It was released as the album's second single on 7 July 2004 through Columbia and Sony Music.
Written by Thomas "Orup" Eriksson and produced by Anders Hansson, "Delirium" is a disco and power pop song with synthesizer and guitar instrumentation and schlager influences.
The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, some of whom praised its catchiness.
"Delirium" was Philipsson's third consecutive top-five entry of 2004 on the Sverigetopplistan singles chart, peaking at number five.
The song also attained top-ten positions on the Svensktoppen and Trackslistan charts.
The song was ranked at number 32 on the 2004 year-end chart of Sverigetopplistan.
"Delirium" was written by Thomas "Orup" Eriksson for Lena Philipsson's studio album "Det gör ont en stund på natten men inget på dan" (2004).
Philipsson enlisted Orup to write the entirety of the album's music and lyrics.
The two started working on the record after she won Melodifestivalen 2004 with "Det gör ont", which advanced her to the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 in Istanbul, Turkey, where she finished fifth in the final.
In an interview for "Aftonbladet", Philipsson described "Delirium" as a "contrast" to "Det gör ont" and lauded Orup's songwriting.
She elaborated in a later interview, "I really like this one and I've listened to it a lot so I'm starting to get a little tired of it.
I think it's so typical of Orup to come up with the title 'Delirium' ...
I smiled the first time I heard it.
First a song called 'Det gör ont' ('It Hurts') and then 'Delirium' – yes, what an album!"
Orup also provided backing vocals on "Delirium".
Anders Hansson produced the song and handled its recording.
The track was mixed by Lennart Östlund and mastered by Björn Engelmann.
"Delirium" was sent to Swedish radio stations on 18 June 2004 as the second single from "Det gör ont".
It was released for purchase on 7 July 2004 through Columbia and Sony Music, as a CD single and digital download.
The single artwork was photographed by Jonas Linell and designed by Karl-Magnus Boske.
The release included "Delirium" and an extended version of "Det gör ont", written by Orup and produced by Hansson.
It also included a polyphonic ringtone of "Delirium".
A remix of the track was released with the album's next single "Lena Anthem" on 11 October 2004.
Musically, "Delirium" is a disco and power pop song, with a schlager chorus.
Anders Nunstedt of "Expressen" described the song as an "update" of The Pointer Sisters's 1984 song "Jump (For My Love)".
A critic from "Länstidningen Östersund" noted its 1980s-inspired synthesizer instrumentation as well as 2000s rock guitars.
Philipsson sings lyrics such as "Jag lever i min fantasi, en mycket bättre verklighet" ("I live in my fantasy, a much better reality"), and "Jag gör vad ingen annan vet i mitt rum, jag lever i delirium" ("I do what no one else knows in my room, I live in delirium").
The "Länstidningen Östersund" critic interpreted its lyrics as "completely mad", as if Philipsson was wearing a straitjacket while singing, and Per Bjurman of "Aftonbladet" described them as humorous and ironic.
"Delirium" received generally positive reviews in the Swedish press.
Jonas Fahlman of "Norran" named it one of the best tracks on "Det gör ont", and Håkan Pettersson of "Nerikes Allehanda" felt it represented Philipsson at her best and called it "perfect".
Per Bjurman of "Aftonbladet" opined that the song may not be fully as catchy as "Det gör ont", but nonetheless a good mixture of classic schlager and modern pop.
He went on to praise the singer's vocal performance and Orup's "ingenious" lyrics.
A critic from "Vimmerby Tidning" felt the song was well-suited for Philipsson's vocals and attitude.
Anders Nunstedt of "Expressen" felt its "frisky" schlager chorus could have a chance of winning Melodifestivalen, and noted the production as "very simple" and radio-friendly.
Maria G. Francke, writing for "Sydsvenskan", opined that the song was just as "fantastic" as "Det gör ont".
A reviewer from "Länstidningen Östersund" praised the catchy chorus and 1980s-inspired synth production.
Similarly, Åsa Johansson of "Falu Kuriren" called it a catchy pop song, while Micke Holmström of "Norrköpings Tidningar" characterized it as "cheeky" and "cool".
"Piteå-Tidningen" critic Anders Sandlund was less enthusiastic and regarded the single as "strenuous" and named it the worst track on "Det gör ont".
Outside of Sweden, John Lucas of AllMusic was positive in his review, praising its "instantly memorable hook".
Upon its release, "Delirium" entered the Sverigetopplistan singles chart on 16 July 2004 at number five, the highest-charting debut of the week.
The song ranked in the top-ten for seven weeks, and remained on the chart for twenty non-consecutive weeks until its final appearance on 2 December 2004.
The song was Philipsson's third consecutive top-five entry of 2004 on the chart after "Det gör ont" and its English-language version "It Hurts".
"Delirium" debuted at number seven on the Svensktoppen chart on 15 August 2004.
It reached its peak position on 5 September 2004 at number three, where it remained for two weeks.
The song also charted on Trackslistan at number four.
By the end of 2004, the Swedish Recording Industry Association (GLF) ranked "Delirium" as the 32nd best-selling single of the year.
Credits are adapted from the "Det gör ont en stund på natten men inget på dan" liner notes.
Milborne Wick Mission Church
Milborne Wick Mission Church is an active Church of England church in Milborne Wick, Somerset, England.
The church was built in 1891 and is a Grade II listed building.
It now holds two services a month and has accommodation for 30 people.
Milborne Wick's mission church was built as a chapel of ease to the parish church of St John the Evangelist at Milborne Port.
The rector of the parish, Rev.
W. J. Birkbeck, led the scheme for the church's construction.
A major benefactor was Sir Edward Bradford Medlycott, who gave a 99 year lease for the land, donated a sum of money and also granted building stone from his quarries.
Plans for the church were drawn up by Mr. Henry Hall of London and it was built by Mr. A. Hallett of Milborne Port with Mr. Alfred Reynolds as clerk of the works.
The cost of the church amounted to almost £400, which discounting the donation of building material and furnishings, was raised by public subscription.
Grants were also received from the Bath and Wells Diocesan Society (£25) and the Incorporated Church Building Society (£15).
The church was opened by Sir Medlycott on 21 October 1891 and the dedication carried out by Rev.
Canon Bernard on behalf of the Bishop of Bath and Wells, who was unable to attend owing to illness.
By the time of its opening, £215 of the £400 cost had been received or promised.
A credence table of polished marble and stone was installed at the church in 1892 by Mr. Reynolds in memory of his wife.
The table was designed by Mr. Hall and made by Messrs. Harry Hems & Sons of Exeter.
It was dedicated and first used on 4 September 1892.
The church is built of cut and squared Hamstone, with ashlar dressings and a clay tile roof.
There is a small chancel at the east end and a north porch.
The open timbered roof has principals of pitch pine and red deal.
Many of the 1891 fittings were gifted by local residents, including the west window by Mr. Hyde, a bell by Mr. Smith and the altar desk by Lady Medlycott.
Rajendra Pradhan
Rajendra Pradhan (born 17 October 1954) is a Nepalese weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
List of number-one country singles of 2012 (Canada)
Canada Country is a chart published weekly by "Billboard" magazine.
This 50-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly by airplay on 31 country music stations across the country as monitored by Nielsen BDS.
Songs are ranked by total plays.
As with most other "Billboard" charts, the Canada Country chart features a rule for when a song enters recurrent rotation.
A song is declared recurrent if it has been on the chart longer than 30 weeks and is lower than number 20 in rank.
These are the Canadian number-one country singles of 2012, per the BDS Canada Country Airplay chart.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.
Jeffrey Bryce
Jeffrey Bryce (born 28 April 1948) is a British weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Herbert Drinkwater
Herbert Drinkwater (1876 – November/December 1960) was a British socialist political activist.
Born in Gloucester, Drinkwater found work as a journalist in the North West of England.
In 1899, he joined the Independent Labour Party (ILP).
The ILP soon affiliated to the Labour Party, and in 1918, Drinkwater began working for the party as a part-time organiser in the West Midlands.
He proved successful, and in 1920 became the Labour Party's full-time regional organiser for the Midlands.
Drinkwater believed that the party organisers needed better support, so in 1920 he founded both the National Union of Labour Organisers, becoming its general secretary, and the "Labour Organiser" journal, which he edited.
In 1938, Drinkwater stood down as regional organiser, and set up a tobacconists shop in Worcester.
He continued to run the union and edit the journal until he fully retired in 1944.
Constantin Chiru
Constantin Chiru (born 4 September 1957) is a Romanian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Sydney Ikebaku
Sydney Ikebaku (born 24 May 1956) is a Nigerian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Faouaz Nadirin
Faouaz Nadirin (born 24 April 1953) is a Syrian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
McIntyre, Ohio
McIntyre is an unincorporated community in Wayne Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located southeast of Bloomingdale and just east of Chandler along Township Road 191, at .
Mohamed Gouni
Mohamed Gouni (born 27 March 1947) is an Algerian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Old Friends (Pinegrove song)
"Old Friends" is a song recorded by American rock band Pinegrove.
The song was released on January 5, 2016 through Run for Cover Records, as the lead single from the band's second studio album "Cardinal".
It was written by singer-songwriter Evan Stephens Hall; lyrically, the song focuses on past friendships, as well as change.
"Old Friends" was penned by Pinegrove frontman Evan Stephens Hall, who also performs the breadth of its instrumentation; on the track, he sings, plays guitar, percussion, banjo, keyboards, bass, and is credited with its recording and mixing.
Alongside Hall, the band's other members, Nick and Zack Levine, add guitar and drums; both are credited with recording and mixing as well.
In addition, Mike Levine, Nick and Zack's father, contributes lap steel guitar to the song.
Hall stated in an interview that the song was developed between 2012 and 2014.
Quinn Moreland, writing for Pitchfork, considered its sound as redolent of Wilco's early music.
In context with "Cardinal", "Old Friends" opens the album and is thematically connected to its final track, "New Friends".
Both songs center on friendship; Moreland called the companion songs "odes to the fluctuating relationships that come with young adulthood."
It was, like much of "Cardinal", inspired by evening walks around Brookdale Park in his hometown of Montclair, New Jersey; the song's opening lyrics detail its "familiar sidewalk cracks and dogwood trees."
The lyrics are fictional, but "deeply" connected to Hall's experiences.
In an interview, Hall considered the song to have "an element of staying the same while everything around you changes and wanting to be adaptable but also being a little stubborn about it."
"Old Friends" first debuted as a live acoustic rendition, recorded for Philadelphia-based Schuylkill Sessions and released online in July 2015.
The studio version of the track premiered on Stereogum, an online music magazine, on January 5, 2016; in addition, the post announced the band's second album, "Cardinal".
Timothy Monger, reviewing "Cardinal" for AllMusic, complimented the song's "easygoing" tone and "affable melody."
Moreland, writing for Pitchfork, praised the song's heartfelt message, and its line "between melancholy and optimism."
Collin Brennan at Consequence of Sound too praised this duality, extolling the song as a "gem": "it bears listening to with the volume turned all the way up," he wrote.
"Spin" Colin Joyce felt the song's abstract observations conceal its "heartbreaking" realization to "call my parents when I think of them" and "tell my friends when I love them."
James Rettig, writing for Stereogum in the song's premiere post, compared its lyricism to Taylor Swift ("by way of, like, Built to Spill"), and suggested the song "takes on how stifling it can be to be tethered to your past, but how worthwhile those long-term connections can feel."
The song has been covered by singer-songwriter Kevin Devine.
Credites adapted from "Cardinal" liner notes.
Fajsal Matloub Fathi
Fajsal Matloub Fathi (born 1946) is an Iraqi weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Lubeja Manor
Lubeja Manor (; ) is a manor in Liezēre Parish, Madona Municipality in the historical region of Vidzeme, in Latvia.
Lubey estate was an old possession of the Tiesenhausen noble family.
George Tiesenhausen Helmold's son pledged this property in 1570 to Fromhold Ungern for 2000 marks, who seemed to have ceded his right to George Tolcke Von Fromhold Tiesenhausen redeemed his widow, who was married to Johann Neutstedt in a second marriage.
In 1594 Lubey estate was confiscated at the beginning of the Swedish rule along with other Tiesenhausen estates because the owner had followed the Poles.
In 1625 king Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden donates estate to captain Gottfried Falckenberg.
On September 1, 1667, the assessor Johann Gottfried von Falckenberg sold Lubey to the Landrath and Colonel Otto von Mengden, whose grand son the General Lieutenant and Landrath Carl Friedrich Baron Mengden, for 5500 Thaler Alb, sold to the Landrath Valentin Johann von Krüdener.
Minister Burchard Alerius Constantin von Krüdener surrendered both estates on September 7, 1784 for 19,000 thalers to the district administrator Ludwig Wilhelm Grafen Mannteufel the Lubey united with the Gut Bersohn with which it has remained associated since then.
Lubeja manor estate existed until 1866 when according to it was reformed into "".
Parish was dissolved in 1949.
Víctor Pérez (weightlifter)
Víctor Pérez (born 6 March 1953) is a Cuban weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Isabel Dada
Isabel Dada Rinker (September 11, 1941 – June 14, 2017) was a Salvadoran actress and poet, considered a pioneer of theater in El Salvador.
Isabel Dada was born in San Salvador on September 11, 1941, the daughter of Teresa Rinker de Dada (born in Nicaragua and nationalized Honduran), and Ventura M. Dada (born in Jerusalem and nationalized German, whose ancestors were from Greece).
She first performed at the National Theater of El Salvador in the play "Soy una linda muñeca" for three years.
She traveled to the United States to study for a Bachelor of Commerce and Bilingual Secretariat degree, and at 18 she went to Mexico to attend a theater course.
Her career as a professional actress began in 1967 when she joined the University Theater of the University of El Salvador, under Spanish director .
In 1969, she played Olivia, the protagonist of "Los peces fuera del agua", which, under the direction of , became the first fiction feature film produced in El Salvador.
In 1993, Dada founded the William Shakespeare Theater Academy.
In 1996, she was nominated for the Helen Hayes Award in Washington, D.C., for her role as El Ama in the production of "Doña Rosita la soltera".
The same year, she began hosting the radio show "Homenaje a la Vida", which was dedicated to universal poetry.
On October 16, 2003, she was recognized by the Legislative Assembly as "Most Meritorious Actress of El Salvador", by virtue of "the outstanding contributions made to the scenic art of our country."
In 2008, she received the from the President of El Salvador.
In 2016, she was part of the cast of the film "Volar: una historia sobre el olvido", under the direction of Brenda Vanegas, playing Esther, a woman who suffers from Alzheimer's disease.
Isabel Dada died in San Salvador on June 14, 2017 due to health problems.
Angela Mazzanti
Angela Mazzanti (born May 6, 1991) is an American rapper, influencer and model from California.
Currently signed with Ghostcraft Music, she has already released two singles under Brian Perera's record label Cleopatra Records before leaving them in July 2019.
Mazzanti was born and raised in California.
Her music journey started with the saxophone and drums before joining a metal band in high school, but she only began rapping when she was 19.
Angela was first spotted by music producer LX Xander, who signed her to his production company Ghostcraft Music.
On October 2, 2018, Mazzanti released her first single, "We so Mob", featuring Rick Ross.
Her second single, "The Greatest", featuring Caskey was released on April 19, 2019.
Mazzanti has been modelling since 2009.
Her height is 171 centimetres, or 5' 7".
She is heavily tattooed and is also a cannabis model.
Mazzanti has more than 600,000 followers on her Instagram account.
She is a renowned cannabis social media influencer.
Mazzanti also hosted the fourth installment of the Kushstock Festival.
Singles
Film roles
Frederick Jesse Hopkins
Frederick Jesse Hopkins (1876 – 1934) was a British minister of religion and socialist activist.
Born in Alderney, Dorset, Hopkins began working in a brickyard at the age of twelve.
He then attended Hartley College in Manchester, and in 1900 became a Primitive Methodist minister, responsible for various churches.
He became very interested in rural life and conditions, and joined the Labour Party.
In 1919, he left the ministry to focus on political work.
In 1921, he became the general secretary of the East Dorset District Labour Party, and in 1922 he began working full-time for the party as a propagandist in South West England.
Hopkins stood for Labour in Bournemouth at the 1918 UK general election, East Dorset at the 1922 and 1923 UK general elections, in Penryn and Falmouth at the 1924 and 1929 UK general elections, and in the 1928 St Ives by-election, but was never elected.
In 1928, Hopkins was appointed as the Labour Party's regional organiser for the Eastern Counties, taking over from Bill Holmes.
He died in 1934.
František Nedvěd
František Nedvěd (27 October 1950 – 27 February 2010) was a Czech weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Julio Loscos
Julio Loscos (born 14 April 1961) is a Cuban weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Leucostegia
Leucostegia is a genus of ferns in the family Hypodematiaceae in the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I).
, the "Checklist of Ferns and Lycophytes of the World" accepted the following species:
Jeremias Manjate
Jeremias Salomão Manjate (born November 10, 1998) is a Mozambican professional basketball player who plays for Sporting CP.
Umuganda
Umuganda is a national holiday in Rwanda taking place on the last Saturday of every month for mandatory nationwide community work from 8:00 AM to 11:00 AM.
The concept of "Umuganda" has its roots in traditional Rwandan culture, meaning "coming together in common purpose to achieve an outcome" in Kinyarwanda, one of Rwanda's official languages.
Participation in Umuganda is required by law, and failure to participate can result in a fine.
The program was established in 2009, and has resulted in notable improvement in the cleanliness of Rwanda.
Some criticize the practice as a form of forced labor.
Umuganda was instituted as a national holiday as part of Rwanda's reconstruction following the 1994 Rwandan genocide.
The success of Umuganda in Rwanda led the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) to institute a similar program in South Sudan.
Lappanella fasciata
Lapanella fasciata is a species of marine ray-finned fish from the family Labridae, the wrasses.
It is found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Portugal to Morocco, as well as Madeira and the Azores, and in the Mediterranean Sea as far east as the Adriatic Sea.
It lives in deep, rock areas where it feeds on crabs, molluscs and polychaete worms.
"Lappanella fasciata" was first formally described as "Coricus fasciatus" by the Italian naturalist Anastasio Cocco (1799-1854) with the type locality given as Messina on Sicily.
The French [[zoologist [[Achille Valenciennes]] (1794-1865) later named "Ctenolabrus iris" from [[Naples]], Sicily and [[Malta]] abd [[David Starr Jordan]] used this as the [[type species]] when he raised the [[genus "[[Lappanella]]", albeit as a [[subgenus]] of "[[Ctenolabrus]]", in 1890.
[[Category:Lappanella|fasciata]]
[[Category:Fish described in 1833]]
Geococcus coffeae
Geococcus coffeae is a species of mealybug in the family Pseudococcidae, commonly known as the coffee root mealybug, or brown scale.
It lives underground where it inserts its mouthparts into roots and sucks the sap.
The adult female mealybug is an elongated oval shape, and grows to a length of .
It is pure white except for the reddish-brown anal lobes, which are tipped by prominent blunt hooks.
A smaller pair of chitinized hooks is located centrally on the last abdominal segment.
"Geococcus coffeae" was first described by the British mycologist and entomologist Edward Ernest Green, growing on the roots of the coffee plant, "Coffea liberica", in Suriname.
It is also known from Cuba, Costa Rica, Honduras, Dominican Republic, Panama, Guatemala, Colombia and Brazil, Ghana, Nigeria, Uganda and Zanzibar, India, the Philippines and Hawaii.
It was first detected in Florida in 1958, growing on ornamental pot plants, "Dieffenbachia" and "Philodendron bipinnatifidum", and efforts were made to restrict its spread.
"Geococcus coffeae" infests the roots of a number of different plant species including grasses, coffee, mango, palms, citrus, "Cyperus", pineapple and "Syngonium".
Living underground, these mealybugs often go undetected.
Examination of the root systems of plants in pots may reveal quantities of the wax that the insects secrete.
On coffee, this mealybug prefers the smaller absorbent roots of the plant while other species such as "Dysmicoccus brevipes" and "Rhizoecus nemoralis" colonise the larger roots.
The eggs are laid in groups and covered with waxy material.
On hatching, the nymphs move a short way before piercing the roots with their mouthparts and starting to feed.
The colony of mealybugs exude wax and secrete honeydew, forming a darkish, cork-like crust, and where there are several colonies, give a knobbly appearance to the root.
This mealybug often lives in symbiosis with the ant "Acropyga exsanguis", being carried into the ant nest and tended by the ants.
The mealybugs secrete the excess fluid they ingest as "honeydew" on which the ants feed.
List of former United States Air Force installations
This is a list of former United States Air Force installations.
Does not include United States Army Air Forces facilities closed before September 1947.
Includes bases in North Africa and the United Kingdom used by Strategic Air Command and bases used by the United States Air Forces in Europe (after 1947).
Non-flying minor Air Stations not included.
Includes Occupied Austria (1945–1955), Occupied Germany (1947–1949); West Germany (1949–1990), and Occupied Berlin (West Berlin) (1947–1990)
Caribbean Lend-Lease bases inactivated in 1949, however 99-year lease signed in 1940 remains in effect, United States has right of return until 2039.
Only bases publicly disclosed by United States Air Forces Central listed.
Current status is undetermined unless noted.
Note: Former Soviet Air Forces bases **
Seized Iraqi air bases not used by the United States:
Note: Former Iraqi Air Force "Super Base" designation was given to airfields with numerous above-ground hardened aircraft-shelters and underground facilities that could shelter between four and ten aircraft on average.
During Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003, the Iraqi Air Force essentially stood down except in a few cases of self-defence against US and British air strikes.
Despite their size – or exactly because of it – most of these airfields were barely defended in 2003 and with a few exceptions, the "Super Base" facilities were captured intact with very little damage.
Most Iraqi Air Force aircraft in various conditions from being flyable to abandoned hulks (a large number were buried) were seized by the United States and its coalition partners, however it is known that Syrian and Iranian agents were busy removing radars and items from the avionics bays and cockpits.
By autumn 2004 only some 20–25 unserviceable wrecks of Iraqi aircraft and helicopters were left scattered around the many Iraqi airfields.
The destruction of the Iraqi Air Force was probably one of the most complete such actions in the history of military aviation.
Although most of the former "Super Bases" have been de-militarized and today are abandoned facilities being reclaimed by the desert, a few were refurbished and were subsequently used by Army, Air Force and Marine units.
They may form the organization of a new Iraqi Air Force equipped with surplus United States F-16, C-130 and other light aircraft.
.
* In 1992 the US government changed the status of three US air bases in South Korea.
Kwang Ju Air Base, Suwon Air Base and Taegu Air Base had previously been announced as ending operations, but would instead operate at reduced levels.
15 USAF personnel were assigned to each base, and reside in former officer quarters, which was basically a small apartment.
USAF aircraft transit each base, with the personnel providing transient support and maintain USAF equipment stored at each base in case of an emergency for reactivation in which ACC and other units would deploy to them.
In addition, the ROK use the airfields as an air base and civil airport
Note: As part of a mutual defense pact, the Republic of China (Taiwan) permitted United States forces, to utilize many ROC bases between 1957–1979.
Deployments ended in 1979 as part of the drawdown of United States military forces in Asia after the end of the Vietnam War and the United States' transfer of diplomatic relations from the Republic of China (Taiwan) to the People's Republic of China in 1979.
For more information, see United States Taiwan Defense Command and 327th Air Division.
.
** Note: Although active USAF use at U-Tapao ended in 1976, USAF and other DoD personnel have been temporarily deployed to the base for contingency operations in South Asia in the years since.
Also U-Tapao supports various Foreign Military Sales in South Asia and DoD military personnel assigned to United States diplomatic postings in the region.
Cyril Lloyd (British Army officer)
Major-General Cyril Lloyd (14 April 1906 - 27 July 1989) was a senior British Army officer who served during the Second World War.
Educated at Brighton Grammar School and the University of Cambridge, Lloyd was commissioned into the Royal Artillery on 25 December 1929.
Posted to 57th Field Regiment Royal Artillery, he was promoted to lieutenant on 25 December 1932 and to captain on 8 March 1935.
He then attended the Territorial Army officers course at Staff College, Camberley in 1939.
Lloyd saw action as a staff officer with the temporary rank of major serving with 12th (Eastern) Infantry Division as part of the British Expeditionary Force in France at the start of the Second World War.
He was mentioned in dispatches and evacuated out from Cherbourg in June 1940.
He became Deputy Assistant Adjutant General to the General Staff of the Canadian Forces in July 1940 in which role he was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the 1943 New Year Honours.
Lloyd became Assistant Director of Military Survey at the War Office in October 1943 and, after being promoted to temporary lieutenant-colonel on 27 January 1944, he became Deputy Chief of Staff for 21st Army Group in April 1944.
In this role he took part in the Normandy landings for which he was advanced to Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
Lloyd went on to be Director of Army Education in December 1944, in which role he was promoted to full colonel on 11 April 1945 and to major-general on 2 July 1946.
After leaving the army he was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in the 1948 New Year Honours.
Lloyd went on to become Director-General of the City and Guilds of London Institute in 1949 and Chairman of the Associated Examining Board in 1970 before retiring in 1976.
Lloyd was a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths and received the Freedom of the City of London on 27 June 1949.
Lloyd married Winifred Dorothy Moore; they had one daughter.
He later married Marjorie, his ATS driver.
2013 British Athletics Championships
The 2013 British Athletics Championships was the national championship in outdoor track and field for athletes in the United Kingdom, held from 12–14 July at Alexander Stadium in Birmingham.
It was organised by UK Athletics.
It served as a selection meeting for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics.
List of leaders of dependent territories in 2018
This is a list of leaders of dependent territories in 2018
ed by the United Nations, US, Russia, or by most other countries'
Vasil Garvanliev
Vasil Garvanliev (; born 2 November 1984 in Strumica), also known mononymously as Vasil, is a Macedonian singer.
He will represent North Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 in Rotterdam.
Garvanliev was a backing vocalist for the Macedonian entry "Proud" (performed by Tamara Todevska) at the Eurovision Song Contest 2019.
On 15 January 2020, it was announced that he had been internally selected by the broadcaster MRT to represent North Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 in Rotterdam.
List of number-one country singles of 2011 (Canada)
Canada Country is a chart published weekly by "Billboard" magazine.
This 50-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly by airplay on 31 country music stations across the country as monitored by Nielsen BDS.
Songs are ranked by total plays.
As with most other "Billboard" charts, the Canada Country chart features a rule for when a song enters recurrent rotation.
A song is declared recurrent if it has been on the chart longer than 30 weeks and is lower than number 20 in rank.
These are the Canadian number-one country singles of 2011, per the BDS Canada Country Airplay chart.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.
Shersby
Shersby is a surname.
Notable people with this surname include:
Myfanwy Matthews
Myfanwy Ann Matthews (born 29 December 1975 in Dubbo, New South Wales), is a former Australian athlete who competed in archery.
At the Australian national indoor championships held in Canberra in 1993, Matthews was second in the recurve event.
The following year she won the recurve event at the ACT archery championships.
She competed at the 1995 world archery championship in Jakarta in the lead-up to the 1996 Olympics.
Matthews represented Australia at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics in the individual archery event, finishing in 48th.
Minami Ando
She was the winner of the 2016 Finlandia Open.
She has also won several medals from both the 2017 Summer Universiade and the 2019 Summer Universiade.
Cândido Sá
Cândido Cá e Sá (born November 7, 1992) is a Portuguese professional basketball player who plays for Sporting CP.
He played in the United States between 2014 and 2016 for San Jac Ravens and between 2016 and 2018 for Rutgers Scarlet Knights.
Went back to Portugal to play for the basketball section of Sporting CP.
Lappanella guineensis
Lapanella guineensis is a species of marine ray-finned fish from the family Labridae, the wrasses.
It is found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean, at depths of no less than in rocky areas, off the coasts of Sierra Leone and Guinea.
Jean-Baptiste Barrez
Jean-Baptiste Barrez (28 November 1792 – 27 November 1868) was a French dancer and ballet master.
He was the son of surgeon Jean-Baptiste Barrez and Julie Jolivet.
Barrez studied under Jean-Francois Coulon and was the principal dancer at the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux from 1817 to 1821.
He married Jeanne-Marie Blache, daughter of choreographer Jean-Baptiste Blache, on 28 July 1819.
The young couple had a son, Jean-Baptiste Hippolyte Barrez, (born 22 April 1820) who also become a dancer and dance teacher to Spanish dancer Lola Montez.
Jean-Baptiste Barrez began performing at the Paris Opera in 1821 and remained there until 1843.
He originated roles in several ballets of Jean Coralli and Joseph Mazilier, including "Le Diable boiteux" (1836), "La Tarentule" (1839), "Le Diable amoureux" (1840) and "La Péri" (1843).
He began teaching ballet at the opera in 1832; Danish ballerina Lucile Grahn was one of his students.
In the spring of 1844, he was called to Madrid, where he worked as a ballet master at the Teatro del Circo and shared the stage with Marie Guy-Stéphan, Clara Galby, Clotilde Laborderie, Ernest Gontié and Marius Petipa.
In 1847, he was hired as a ballet master at the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels, a position he only occupied for one season.
He then settled in London the following year.
Acaena antarctica
Acaena antarctica is a small herbaceous plant in the Rosaceae family native to Argentina, Chile and the Falkland Islands.
"Acaena antarctica" was first formally described in 1846 by Joseph Dalton Hooker.
Kew holds specimens collected by Hooker from Hermite Island, Cape Horn on the Ross expedition.
The genus name "Acaena" is derived from the Ancient Greek word "akaina" meaning "thorn" or "spine", referring to the spiny calyx of many species of "Acaena".
The specific epithet, "antarctica", derives from the Greek ("anti", "opposite" and "arktos", "bear") and designates the place opposite the constellations of the Great and the Little Bear, thus describing the species as coming from south of the South Pole circle.
William Percillier
William Percillier (Born 30 January 1999) is a Canadian rugby union player.
His usual position is as a scrum-half, and he currently plays for Stade Français in the Top 14.
1992 Perth and Kinross District Council election
The 1992 Perth and Kinross District Council election took place on the 7 May 1992 to elect members of Perth and Kinross District Council, as part of that years Scottish local elections.
Dependency network (graphical model)
Dependency networks (DNs) are graphical models, similar to Markov networks, wherein each vertex (node) corresponds to a random variable and each edge captures dependencies among variables.
Unlike Bayesian networks, DNs may contain cycles.
Each node is associated to a conditional probability table, which determines the realization of the random variable given its parents.
In a Bayesian network, the Markov blanket of a node is the set of parents and children of that node, together with the children's parents.
The values of the parents and children of a node evidently give information about that node.
However, its children's parents also have to be included in the Markov blanket, because they can be used to explain away the node in question.
In a Markov random field, the Markov blanket for a node is simply its adjacent (or neighboring) nodes.
In a dependency network, the Markov blanket for a node is simply the set of its parents.
Dependency networks have advantages and disadvantages with respect to Bayesian networks.
In particular, they are easier to parameterize from data, as there are efficient algorithms for learning both the structure and probabilities of a dependency network from data.
Such algorithms are not available for Bayesian networks, for which the problem of determining the optimal structure is NP-hard.
Nonetheless, a dependency network may be more difficult to construct using a knowledge-based approach driven by expert-knowledge.
Consistent dependency networks and Markov networks have the same representational power.
Nonetheless, it is possible to construct non-consistent dependency networks, i.e., dependency networks for which there is no compatible valid joint probability distribution.
Markov networks, in contrast, are always consistent.
A consistent dependency network for a set of random variables formula_1 with joint distribution formula_2 is a pair formula_3 where formula_4 is a cyclic directed graph, where each of its nodes corresponds to a variable in formula_5, and formula_6 is a set of conditional probability distributions.
The parents of node formula_7, denoted formula_8, correspond to those variables formula_9 that satisfy the following independence relationships
The dependency network is consistent in the sense that each local distribution can be obtained from the joint distribution formula_2.
Dependency networks learned using large data sets with large sample sizes will almost always be consistent.
A non-consistent network is a network for which there is no joint probability distribution compatible with the pair formula_3.
In that case, there is no joint probability distribution that satisfies the independence relationships subsumed by that pair.
Two important tasks in a dependency network are to learn its structure and probabilities from data.
Essentially, the learning algorithm consists of independently performing a probabilistic regression or classification for each variable in the domain.
It comes from observation that the local distribution for variable formula_7 in a dependency network is the conditional distribution formula_14, which can be estimated by any number of classification or regression techniques, such as methods using a probabilistic decision tree, a neural network or a probabilistic support-vector machine.
Hence, for each variable formula_7 in domain formula_16, we independently estimate its local distribution from data using a classification algorithm, even though it is a distinct method for each variable.
Here, we will briefly show how probabilistic decision trees are used to estimate the local distributions.
For each variable formula_7 in formula_5, a probabilistic decision tree is learned where formula_7 is the target variable and formula_20 are the input variables.
To learn a decision tree structure for formula_7, the search algorithm begins with a singleton root node without children.
Then, each leaf node in the tree is replaced with a binary split on some variable formula_22 in formula_20, until no more replacements increase the score of the tree.
A probabilistic inference is the task in which we wish to answer probabilistic queries of the form formula_24, given a graphical model for formula_5, where formula_26 (the 'target' variables) formula_27 (the 'input' variables) are disjoint subsets of formula_5.
One of the alternatives for perform probabilistic inferences is using Gibbs sampling.
A naive approach for this uses an ordered Gibbs sampler, whose an important difficult is that if either formula_24 or formula_30 is small, then many iterations are required for an accurate probability estimate.
Another approach for estimating formula_24 when formula_30 is to use modified ordered Gibbs sampler, where it fix formula_33 during Gibbs sampling.
It may also happen that formula_34 is rare, e.g.
formula_26 contains many variables.
So, the law of total probability along with the independencies encoded in a dependency network can be used to decompose the inference task into a set of inference tasks on single variables.
This approach comes with the advantage that some terms may be obtained by directly lookup, thereby avoiding some Gibbs sampling.
You can see below an algorithm that can be used for obtain formula_36 for a particular instance of formula_37 and formula_38, where formula_26 and formula_27 are disjoint subsets.
In addition to the applications to probabilistic inference, the following applications are in the category of Collaborative Filtering (CF), which is the task of predicting preferences.
Dependency networks are a natural model class on which to base CF predictions, once an algorithm for this task only needs estimation of formula_58 to produce recommendations.
In particular, these estimates may be obtained by a direct lookup in a dependency network.
Another class of useful applications for dependency networks is related to data visualization, that is, visualization of predictive relationships.
Olga Kazakova
Olga Kazakova (; born May 30, 1968 in the city of Usolye-Sibirskoye, in the Soviet Union) is a Russian politician, was the Minister of Culture of the Stavropol Krai, since 2012, deputy of the State Duma, First Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Culture.
Born in the family of an officer in the Soviet army, she lived with her family in the city of Lugansk, Ukrainian SSR.
In 1990 she graduated from University of Luhansk with a degree in Russian language and literature.
She is a Komsomol member.
From 1984 to 1991 at the Komsomol work, head of the children's dance club, kindergarten teacher.
From 1992 to 1996, a primary school teacher in Vorkuta and Nevinnomyssk.
From 2000 to 2003, an assistant to a deputy of the city parliament of the city of Stavropol, executive director of the Slavyansk Sports Center.
From 2003 to 2009, he was the head of the youth affairs department of the Administration of the city of Stavropol.
From 2009 to 2011, chairman of the Committee on Youth Affairs of the Government of the Stavropol Krai.
From 2011 to 2012, the Minister of Culture of the Government of the Stavropol Krai.
May 22, 2012, deputy of the State Duma of the sixth convocation of the United Russia fraction on the All-Russia People's Front quota from the Stavropol Territory, member of the State Duma Committee on Family, Women and Children.
In 2016, according to the primaries of United Russia, it took 1st place (78% of the vote) in the single-member constituency.
Re-elected deputy of the State Duma of the seventh convocation, elected first deputy chairman of the Committee on Culture.
Lab 110
Lab 110 is one of North Korea's government hacking organizations, and it is an operation of the Reconnaissance General Bureau.
List of lakes in the United States Virgin Islands
The United States Virgin Islands have no natural lake-like bodies of water.
The islands have very few freshwater resources.
The U.S. virgin Islands is made up of 4 large islands and about 50 smaller islands.
The large islands are: St. Croix, St. Thomas, St. John and Water Island.
The Virgin Islands rely on ocean water desalination to supply fresh water to residents and toursts.
In addition all hotels collect rain water on their rooftops.
*There are no large rivers or reservoirs in the Virgin Islands.
Let's Dance (German season 13)
The thirteenth season of "Let's Dance" will start on February 21, 2020.
Daniel Hartwich and Victoria Swarovski returned as hosts.
Joachim Llambi, Motsi Mabuse, Jorge Gonzalez also returned as the judges.
On January 15, 2020, RTL announced the 14 "Let's Dance-celebrities" to be participating in the series.
This table only counts for dances scored on a traditional 30-points scale.
The best and worst performances in each dance according to the judges' marks are as follows:
According to the traditional 30-point scale.
For the fourth time, there will be a launch show in which each celebrity meets their partner.
This show will air on 21 February 2020.
In this first live show the couples will dance in groups and each couple got points by the judges and the viewers.
At the end of the show the couple with the highest combined points will grant immunity from the first elimination.
Donald Landry
Donald Landry is a physician, organic chemist, and nephrologist known for his contributions to cardiovascular biology and cancer research.
Landry is credited for the creation of an alternative method for stem cell extraction - using dead embryos rather than live ones - which became central to the George W. Bush Administration’s policy decisions on the topic.
He is also known for identifying a vasopressin deficiency in vasodilatory shock, leading to the current clinical use of vasopressin to treat septic shock and vasodilatory shock.
Additionally, he has created a variety of other advancements in medical treatment, introducing renal replacement therapy to treat renal failure, and anti-cocaine antibodies.
Landry’s scientific and medical innovations have been recognized through various awards, including the Presidential Citizens Medal in 2009 and his induction into the New Jersey Inventors Hall of Fame in 2016.
Dr. Landry is a member of the American Chemical Society, the New York Academy of Sciences, the American Society for Clinical Investigation, the Association of American Physicians, the Practitioners Society of New York, and the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.
He has published more than 160 articles in peer-reviewed journals, and holds over 20 patents.
He is currently the chairman Department of Medicine at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons (P&S).
Landry received his B.S.
from Lafayette College, received his medical degree from Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, and received his doctorate in organic chemistry from Harvard University.
He completed residency in internal medicine at University of Massachusetts Medical Center and Harvard Medical School.
He then trained in nephrology as an NIH Physician-Scientist.
List of number-one country singles of 2010 (Canada)
Canada Country is a chart published weekly by "Billboard" magazine.
This 50-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly by airplay on 31 country music stations across the country as monitored by Nielsen BDS.
Songs are ranked by total plays.
As with most other "Billboard" charts, the Canada Country chart features a rule for when a song enters recurrent rotation.
A song is declared recurrent if it has been on the chart longer than 30 weeks and is lower than number 20 in rank.
These are the Canadian number-one country singles of 2010, per the BDS Canada Country Airplay chart.
Note that "Billboard" publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7–10 days in advance.
Utana Yoshida
Utana Yoshida was born on September 6, 2003 in Kurashiki, Japan.
Her favorite skaters are Misato Komatsubara / Tim Koleto.
Yoshida / Nishiyama are popular among fans and have a large social media following.
They look up to training mate Yuzuru Hanyu.
Yoshida began skating in 2009 and previously competed in ladies' singles.
She placed seventh at the novice level at the Chu-Shikoku-Kyushu Regional in 2014, and thus failed to advance to the 2014–15 Japan Championships.
Yoshida switched to ice dance in 2016, partnering with Takumi Sugiyama.
Yoshida / Sugiyama were fourth at the 2016–17 Japan Junior Championships and won the advanced novice gold medal at the 2017 Mentor Toruń Cup.
Yoshida / Sugiyama split at the end of the season, and she was partner-less for two seasons.
Yoshida teamed up with Shingo Nishiyama in early 2019 and moved to train with him and his coaches at the Toronto Cricket, Skating and Curling Club in Canada in February 2019.
In their first season as a partnership, Yoshida / Nishiyama placed sixth at both 2019 JGP United States and 2019 JGP Italy.
They then won gold at the Western Sectional and advanced to the 2019–20 Japan Junior Championships, where they again won gold, ahead of Ayumi Takanami / Yoshimitsu Ikeda.
As a result, Yoshida / Nishiyama were assigned to the 2020 World Junior Championships and the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics.
At the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics, Yoshida / Nishiyama placed sixth in the ice dance event with a new personal best, following a sixth-place rhythm dance and a fourth-place free dance.
They were chosen by draw to be part of Team Courage for the mixed-NOC team event, alongside singles' skaters Arlet Levandi of Estonia and Ksenia Sinitsyna of Russia and pairs team Alina Butaeva / Luka Berulava of Georgia.
Yoshida / Nishiyama won the free dance portion of the team event, ahead of both the silver and bronze medalists from the individual ice dance event, to help Team Courage win the gold medal.
Yoshida / Nishiyama have a goal of being in the top ten at the 2020 World Junior Championships.
"JGP: Junior Grand Prix"
Mack LR
The Mack LR is a heavy-duty truck built by Mack Trucks.
They are a forward control cab-over-engine type, where the driver sits in front of the axle.
A flat front has two large windshields.
The cab is very low-profile and has dual driving controls with a stand-up driving position on the right side.
It is used in refuse service with front, side, and rear-loading refuse compactor bodies.
The LR design dates to the Mack Low Entry of 1994.
In 2007 it was updated as the TerraPro Low Entry and in 2015 it was renamed LR.
Mechanically the main change has been the evolution of the engines.
The LR is a forward control cab-over-engine type.
The cab is mounted very low and forward, allowing a step up from the ground to the cab floor of only .
With a stand-up right-side (curb) driving position the driver can get in and out easily to move bins and load loose material.
Advanced electronics are used for engine, chassis, and body controls, as well as maintenance.
The trucks have ABS.
The service brakes can be electrically applied, allowing the driver to exit leaving them on.
This system can also shift the transmission into neutral when it is applied.
There are locations for a joystick and other controls.
Rear-view cameras are often fitted.
Mack builds most of their components but the LR also uses vendor components.
Total loaded weight can be up to .
The LR is available with a Mack MP7 diesel and a Cummins Westport natural gas engine.
In 2020 all-electric models began customer testing.
The Mack MP7 engine is the base engine in the LR.
It is a 10.8 liter (659 cu.
in.)
overhead cam turbocharged inline six-cylinder engine.
It develops and of torque.
The Cummins Westport L9N is a natural gas engine.
It is an 8.9 liter (543 cu.
in.)
turbocharged spark ignition inline six-cylinder engine.
It develops and of torque.
LNG is well-suited for stop-and-go residential pickup.
Allison RDS4500 5- or 6-speed transmissions are used on all models.
The RDS is a fully automatic planetary gear transmission with a lock-up torque converter.
A ladder frame with beam axles is used.
Front axles are on semi-elliptical leaf springs.
The base rear suspension is a Mack tandem but other axle/suspension types are available.
The LR has more frame options than other Mack trucks, with drop frames available.
Wheelbases are from and with a drop frame.
Meritor supplies S-cam air brakes, steering systems, driveshafts, and other components.
Front axles are rated at .
Mack powered axles have the drive carrier on top of the housing instead of the front of it like other manufacturers.
This lets the driveshafts be in line from the transmission to and between the axles at a higher level above the ground.
The Camelback tandem is the base rear suspension.
The Camelback has multiple leaves that rock above the bogey pivot then curve down and under the axles.
It is available in ratings of .
The mRIDE tandem has tapered leaves that rock above the bogey pivot then go out and above the axles.
Struts go from the bottom of the bogey pivot out and under the axle.
They have more wheel travel and ground clearance than the camelback.
They are rated at .
Vendor axle/suspension combinations can be ordered.
Front loaders have a boom that goes from the body over and then down in front of, the cab.
Two forks pick up the container.
The container is then lifted up and over the cab to be dumped into a hopper on the top of the body.
For curbside pick-up a container is held in a low position and material is loaded into it.
It is dumped into the hopper when full then returned to a low position.
Side loaders drive next to bins placed on the curb.
They either have a hopper on the side or pick up a bin and dump it into a hopper on the top of the body.
Rear loaders have a large hopper on the rear end.
They can load bins, cans, and loose material.
Fatema Nedham
Fatema Nedham is a Paralympic athlete from Bahrain.
She is the first female Paralympic athlete to win a medal at the Summer Paralympics for Bahrain.
She represented the country at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the gold medal in the women's shot put F53 event with a throw of 4.76 metres.
She was also the flag bearer for her country during the opening ceremony of the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
She also represented Bahrain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the women's discus throw F32–34/51–53 event without winning a medal.
She also competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the women's discus throw F51/52/53 and women's javelin throw F33/34/52/53 events.
At the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships she won the gold medal in the women's shot put F53.
Barbara Cosens
Barbara Anne Cosens is an American Distinguished University professor at the University of Idaho College of Law.
Cosens was born and raised in Sierra Nevada, California, and earned her bachelor degree from the University of California, Davis.
She would later earn her Master's degree from the University of Washington and her J.D.
from the University of California, Hastings College of Law.
In 2002, Cosens joined the College of Behavioral and Social Sciences at San Francisco State University (SFSU) as an assistant professor of environmental studies.
She spent two years at SFSU before joining the University of Idaho College of Law as a full-time permanent faculty member.
By the 2009–2010 academic term, she received tenure from the university.
A few years later, she accepted a visiting scholar position at the University of New Mexico School of Law to focus on water resources management.
In 2014, Cosens edited a book titled the "Columbia River Treaty Revisited: Transboundary River Governance in the Face of Uncertainty" which examined the Columbia River Treaty.
After earning tenure, Cosens co-founded the Social-ecological System Resilience, Climate Change, & Adaptive Water Governance project with Lance Gunderson.
By 2015, Cosens received a visiting professorship with Flinders University to study water policy and management.
Her acceptance was, in part, based on her Social-ecological System Resilience, Climate Change, & Adaptive Water Governance project which focused on law regarding adaptive water governance.
The following year, she co-published an article with Craig Allen from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln titled "Avoiding Decline: Fostering Resilience and Sustainability in Midsize Cities," which focused on the Inland Northwest.
On October 5, 2016, Cosens joined researchers at Washington State University to study water management and how law treats in-stream flows and water transfers.
On April 18, 2018, Cosens was promoted to the rank of University Distinguished Professor.
During the same year, she completed her co-founded Social-ecological System Resilience, Climate Change, & Adaptive Water Governance project and published the results in a book called "Practical Panarchy for Adaptive Water Governance: Linking Law to Social-Ecological Resilience."
Girls' U16 European Volleyball Championship
The Girls' U16 Youth European Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for volleyball national teams with players under 16 years, currently held biannually and organized by the European Volleyball Confederation, the volleyball federation from Europe.
Chinese almond biscuit
A Chinese almond biscuit or Chinese almond cookie (杏仁餅) is a type of Chinese pastry that is made with ground mung bean.
It was originally made without almond, and the name refers to the almond shape of the original biscuit, but now the Chinese almond biscuit is usually round-shaped and often contains almond.
The biscuit is one of the most standard pastries in Guangdong, Hong Kong, Macau, and in some overseas Chinese bakeries.
They are small, containing no filling.
In addition, they are very crumbly.
In Macau, the snack has been one of the most popular specialty products, especially near the Ruins of the Cathedral of St. Paul, streets are packed with 10 to 20 stores, all selling different flavors of almond biscuits next to one another.
Hawkers line up on the street to push the merchandise.
It is recommended on the official Macau tourism website as a famous Macanese snack.
Choi Heong Yuen Bakery and Koi Kei are among the most famous brands of almond biscuits from Macau.
1992 West Lothian District Council election
Elections to the West Lothian District Council took place in May 1992, alongside elections to the councils of Scotland's various other districts.
Salvatore Salamone
Salvatore Salamone is a scientist and researcher within diagnostic medicine and therapeutic drug monitoring.
He is globally recognized for his contributions within oncology, neurology, and psychiatry.
Salamone is responsible for the development of many of the major reagents used within psychiatric drug level monitoring.
Salamone is the founder of Saladax Biomedical, Inc. His contributions to diagnostic medicine have been recognized through several awards, including the Ben Franklin Innovation Award and the New Jersey Inventors Hall of Fame in 2016.
Salamone has 70 FDA-approved products and more than 200 instrument applications.
He is the editor of a textbook on benzodiazapines and is also the holder of 41 issued US patents.
Salamone earned two bachelor’s degrees from Villanova University, a master’s and a PhD degree from Rutgers University and was a Science Engineering Research Council (SERC) Post-Doctoral Fellow at the University of Oxford, UK.
Rachka River
The Rachka River () is a small river located in the Basmanny and Tagansky Districts, in the Central Administrative Okrug, in the center of Moscow and a former left tributary of the Moskva River.
Today it flows into the Yauza River.
Edith Anna Bell
Edith Anna Bell, (1870 -1929) was an Irish sculptor who specialised in creating medallions and portraits in relief.
Bell was born in Dublin and after taking art lessons in that city appears to have moved to England, sometime before 1896 when she is known to have been teaching modelling at the Central School of Arts and Crafts in London.
She is also known to have lived at Reading in Berkshire for a time.
Bell produced bronze figures and statuettes and also medallions in both bronze and silver.
Between 1896 and 1912 she exhibited ten works at the Royal Academy in London and also exhibited at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool.
The National Portrait Gallery in London holds a copper medallion portrait of Alfred Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Northcliffe by Bell.
Antonio Menardi
Antonio Menardi (born March 5, 1959 in Cortina d'Ampezzo) is an Italian curler and curling coach.
He participated in the 2006 Winter Olympics, where the Italian men's team finished in seventh place.
Well-Being Index
The Well-Being Index is an online self-assessment tool invented by researchers at Mayo Clinic that measures mental distress and well-being in seven-nine items.
The Well-Being Index is an anonymous tool that allows participants to reassess on a monthly basis, track their well-being scores over time, compare their results to peers' and national averages, and access customized resources based on their assessment results.
There are six clinically-validated versions of the Well-Being Index: Advanced Practice Provider, Employee, Medical Student, Nurse, Physician, and Resident/Fellow.
The Well-Being Index takes around one minute to complete and measures six dimensions of distress and well-being specific to the Well-Being Index version.
Possible dimensions include:
The Well-Being Index was invented by Dr. Liselotte (Lotte) N. Dyrbye, MD, MHPE and Dr. Tait Shanafelt, MD of Mayo Clinic.
It was originally developed to address physician burnout and distress internally at Mayo Clinic.
In 2015, Mayo Clinic licensed the Well-Being Index to Corporate Web Services, Inc. to develop the interactive web application and offer the tool to organizations around the world.
Use of the Well-Being Index questions and scoring system is free for academic and IRB-approved research.
The interactive online tool is also free for individuals to assess their personal well-being and access the national resources in the tool.
The organizational version of the Well-Being Index requires a licensing agreement for use.
Organizations that license the Well-Being Index are able to view de-identified aggregate data from participant responses and input local custom resources into the tool.
The Well-Being Index has been used by a variety of hospitals, universities, academic medical centers, and associations, including:
There are six clinically-validated versions of the Well-Being Index.
Each version offers national benchmark comparative data.
The nine-item Advanced Practice Provider Well-Being Index measures distress and well-being among APPs, including nurse practitioners and physician assistants.
This version of the Well-Being Index has been validated as a useful screening tool to measure likelihood of burnout, severe fatigue, prevalence of suicidal ideation, risk of medical error, meaning in work, and work-life integration among APPs.
The eWBI was developed to identify distress and well-being among U.S. workers.
The assessment consists of nine-items and measures six dimensions of distress and well-being, including quality of life, meaning in work, likelihood of burnout, severe fatigue, work-life integration, and suicidal ideation.
The MSWBI consists of seven items and is a version of the Well-Being Index designed to assess psychological distress in medical students.
The MSWBI measures similar dimensions of distress and well-being as other versions of the Well-Being Index but includes dropout risk as a unique dimension.
The Nurse Well-Being Index is a nine-item assessment that measures likelihood of burnout, severe fatigue, suicidal ideation, quality of life, meaning in work, and work-life integration.
This version of the Well-Being Index has been validated in stratifying distress and well-being and identifying the risk of reduced quality of care among U.S. nurses.
The PWBI consists of nine items and is the original version of the Well-Being Index.
It is designed as a brief screening tool for physicians in all specialties and measures the following six dimensions of distress and well-being: Likelihood of burnout, severe fatigue, suicidal ideation, risk of medical error, meaning in work, and work-life integration.
The Resident & Fellow Well-Being Index is designed specifically for physicians in training.
This version consists of seven items that measure risk of medical error, sense of meaning in work, quality of life, suicidal ideation, severe fatigue, and likelihood of burnout.
The Well-Being Index calculates a total well-being score for participants based on their assessment responses.
Assessments contain seven or nine items depending on the Well-Being Index version.
The seven-item versions consist of yes/no response categories and calculate scores by adding the number of 'yes' responses.
The nine-item versions contain an additional two Likert scale items that add or subtract points from the score of the first seven items.
Drew B. Tipton
Drew B. Tipton is an American lawyer from Texas who is an announced nominee to be a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas.
Tipton graduated from Angleton High School, earned his Bachelor of Arts from Texas A&M University, and his Juris Doctor from South Texas College of Law.
After graduating law school, Tipton served as a law clerk to Judge John D. Rainey of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas.
He previously was in private practice with Marek, Griffin, & Knaupp and Littler Mendelson.
Since 1999, he has been a partner at BakerHostetler in Houston, Texas, where his practice focuses on complex labor and employment and trade secret litigation.
On January 15, 2020, President Trump announced his intent to nominate Tipton to serve as a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas.
He will be nominated to the seat vacated by Judge Sim Lake who took senior status on July 5, 2019.
Boys' U17 European Volleyball Championship
The Boys' U17 Youth European Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for volleyball national teams with players under 17 years, currently held biannually and organized by the European Volleyball Confederation, the volleyball federation from Europe.
Cyanuric bromide
Cyanuric bromide is a heterocyclic compound with formula CNBr.
It contains a six-membered ring of alternating nitrogen and carbon atoms, with a bromine atom attached to each carbon.
It is formed by the spontaneous trimerisation of cyanogen bromide.
Cyanuric bromide can be used to synthesize substituted triazines.
For example it reacts with anilines to form derivatives of melamine.
With ammonia, melamine is produced.
Primary or secondary amines react.
Cyanuric trihydrazide is produced in the reaction with hydrazine.
When heated with urea at 140°C, ammelide is formed.
Cyanuric bromide reacts with water, particularly in alkaline conditions to cyanuric acid and hydrogen bromide.
Cyanuric bromide can add bromine to other compound, and when it is heated with acetic acid, acetyl bromide is produced.
Cyanuric bromide can formed in a reaction with potassium ferrocyanide with bromine at 200°C.
The trimerization reaction of cyanogen bromide (BrCN) is catalyzed by aluminium trichloride or hydrogen bromide.
Home Chat
Home Chat was a British weekly women's magazine, published by Amalgamated Press.
Alfred Harmsworth founded "Home Chat" to compete with "Home Notes".
He ran the Amalgamated Press and through them he published the magazine.
He founded it in 1895 and the magazine ran until 1959.
It was published as a small format magazine which came out weekly.
As was usual for such women's weeklies the formulation was to cover society gossip and domestic tips along with short stories, dress patterns, recipes and competitions.
One of the editors was Maud Brown.
She retired in 1919 and was replaced by her sister Flora.
It began with a circulation of 186,000 in 1895 and finished up at 323,600 in 1959.
It took a severe hit before the Second World War in circulation but had recovered before it was closed down.
2020 in ice sports
Wanda Stopa
Wanda Elaine Stopa (May 5, 1900 – April 25, 1924) was a Polish-American lawyer and murderer.
Stopa was born in Warsaw, Poland in 1900.
Stopa studied at The John Marshall Law School and became Chicago's youngest and first woman assistant U.S. district attorney.
Stopa tried to shoot her lover's wife at her home in Palos Park, but accidentally shot and killed their 65-year old gardener, Henry Manning.
She fled the scene and led the police on a manhunt.
Stopa committed suicide by ingesting arsenic in a Detroit hotel room.
Around 10,000 people attended her funeral.
She is buried at the Bohemian National Cemetery.
In 2019, Stopa's story was featured in a Season 13 of the American television series "Deadly Women", with Stopa being portrayed by Kelsie Feltrin.
St. Wolstan's Priory
St. Wolstan's Priory is a former Augustinian (Victorine) monastery located in County Kildare, Ireland.
St. Wolstan's Priory is located on the eastern edge of Celbridge, on the south bank of the River Liffey; it lies southeast of Castletown House and about east-northeast of Celbridge's Main Street.
The priory was founded in 1202 (or, according to William of Ware, 1205) by Adam de Hereford, one of the Anglo-Norman leaders of the Norman conquest of Ireland.
It was founded for canons of the order of St Victor and was named after the recently canonised Saint Wulfstan (died 1095).
The early buildings were nicknamed "Scala Coeli", "stairs of heaven."
The monastery was granted the lands around Donaghcumper Church.
In 1271 William de Mandesham, seneschal to Fulk Basset, Archbishop of Dublin, granted to the priory the lands of Tristildelane, modern Castledillon.
In 1308 a bridge across the River Liffey was built by John Ledleer next to the gate of St. Wolstan's.
In 1314 the churches of Stacumney and Donaghmore were granted to the sole and separate use of the prior.
In 1536 the priory and lands were seized by King Henry VIII as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
It was the first monastery in Ireland to be suppressed and the last prior, Richard Weston, was granted a room in the monastery and supplied with food and fuel for the rest of his life.
It was granted to John Alan in 1538.
The buildings of the priory were probably converted into a house for Sir John Alan before his death in 1561.
The Alen family lived at St. Wolstans for 216 years.
They resided in the priory for much of this period and later built the house.
In 1782 the ruins were visited and sketched by Austin Cooper (1759–1830).
In 1955 the site was purchased by the Holy Faith Sisters, who established St. Wolstan's Holy Faith Convent School.
The school has since moved site but retains the name of St Wolstan's Community School.
It was partially excavated in 2002 as part of an archeological assessment, but nothing of significance was found.
The remains consist of two gateways, a four-storey tower, and two fragments.
Nadia E. Brown
Nadia E. Brown is an American political scientist, currently a University Scholar and professor of Political Science and African American Studies at Purdue University, where she is also affiliated with the department of Women's, Gender, and Sexuality Studies.
Brown is a scholar of American politics whose work focuses on identity politics, legislative studies, and Black women’s studies, using the theory of intersectionality to study topics across multiple disciplines.
Brown studied political science at Howard University, obtaining a BA in 2004.
She chose to study political science because of an interest in how power is distributed in society, and particularly how Black women engage in political activity.
In 2010 she completed her PhD in political science at Rutgers University, specializing in Women and Politics and American Politics.
She also received a Graduate Certificate in Women’s and Gender Studies.
From 2010 to 2013, she was a professor of political science and African American studies, and affiliated with women's studies, at St. Louis University.
In 2014, Brown published the book "Sisters in the Statehouse: Black Women and Legislative Decision Making", which studies how the policy preferences and legislative behavior of African American women legislators are influenced by experiences with racism and sexism during their lives, given the context that in 2013, only 239 of the 7,776 female legislators in the United States were African American women.
The book was reviewed positively not just for its substantive findings, but also for its analytical approach, with Muireann O'Dwyer writing that it "delivered an answer to the enduring question of how exactly intersectionality can be brought to bear on the empirical questions of social science".
"Sisters in the Statehouse" won the 2015 W.E.B.
DuBois Distinguished Book Award, as well as awards from Purdue University and the Association for the Study of Black Women and Politics.
In 2016, Brown was appointed a University Scholar at Purdue University, an honor which is intended "to recognize outstanding mid-career faculty who are on an accelerated path for academic distinction".
Brown was chosen as the American Political Science Association's Member of the Month for April 2019.
Brown is the lead editor of the journal "Politics, Groups, and Identities", which she has noted may make her the first Black woman to be the sole lead editor of a political science journal.
She has also been a member of the editorial board of the political science expert database Women Also Know Stuff.
Brown is an advocate for political scientists to communicate about their discipline with the media.
She has published in The Washington Post, the Huffington Post, and OZY, and been cited in outlets like The New York Times and The Washingtonian.
List of bridges in Iran
Penn Valley Redevelopment Project
The Penn Valley Redevelopment Project was a 1971 plan to demolish homes in Kansas City’s Valentine Neighborhood and to replace them with a multimillion-dollar office and residential complex.
The project plan used Missouri’s Chapter 353 Urban Redevelopment Corporations Law.
The law allows “the right to acquire by the exercise of the power of eminent domain any real property in the redevelopment area” (Section 353.130) and the property “shall not be subject to assessment or payment of general ad valorem (property) taxes imposed by the cities affected by this law, or by the state or any political subdivision thereof, for a period not in excess of ten years” (Section 353.110).
The case was presented to the Kansas City City Plan Commission on April 1, 1971 and was unanimously defeated despite approval by the city staff.
However, the plan continued to affect the Valentine Neighborhood.
The application was submitted by the Penn Valley Redevelopment Corporation.
This corporation was organized by the Kansas City Life Insurance Company and other members of the Broadway Area (Business) Association.
The president was Donald L. Thompson who was also Financial Vice-president at Kansas City Life.
The plan included seven stages or phases:
Opposition to the plan led to the creation of the Valentine Neighborhood Association (VNA) in early 1971.
VNA’s first president, Joe Cigas, led the effort by residents to oppose the plan.
He was supported by City Councilman Joseph Shaughnessy, Jr. and mayor-elect Dr. Charles B. Wheeler, Jr.
In a May 16, 1972 speech to employees of Kansas City Life, Administrative Vice President Walter E. Bixby, Jr. reflected on why they pursued the plan:
Bixby also mentioned that he believed the creation of Penn Valley Community College in 1969 foreshadowed that the area would become more commercial.
He compared 1951, 1961, and 1971.
“In 1961, the picture shows more commercial properties in the neighborhood – Panhandle Eastern, Interstate Securities, the Broadway-Valentine Shopping Center.” He then said, “Now in 1971, we see the layout for the Penn Valley Junior College which is going to cause a large environmental change in the neighborhood.”
After the plan was defeated, Kansas City Life continued to buy properties in the area.
Some were rented, others demolished.
On September 7, 1972, a lawsuit was filed by Cigas and six others alleging that Kansas City Life perpetrated a scheme of buying property and allowing them to deteriorate and then demolishing them leaving vacant spaces throughout the area.
The suit further charged that Kansas City Life falsely stated that the Valentine neighborhood was a blighted, unsanitary, crime-ridden, deteriorated area and as a result, homeowners were unable to use their property as security for mortgage loans.
The court ruled in favor of Kansas City Life, and the ruling was upheld on appeal.
The court cited precedence that the “defendant had the absolute right to the reasonable use of its own property” and that no evidence was presented that Kansas City Life encouraged abuse by tenants.
On April 16, 1983, 10 Valentine residents created a partnership called The Jefferson Group.
The group competed with Kansas City Life to buy homes in the area and resell them.
In 1984, Miller Nichols, Chairman of the J.C. Nichols Company, commented that he saw a need for more executive homes in the midtown Kansas City area because of plans by several developers to construct office space.
Despite the fact that the Penn Valley plan was for offices and apartments, he referenced the conflict saying, "If Kansas City Life had been encouraged by the city and the city had been willing to work with them, we'd probably have 1,000 or 2,000 homes in there."
He said, "I'd like to have the city fathers go to Kansas City Life and say, 'Look, we made a mistake.'"
Joseph R. Bixby, President of Kansas City Life, built a large Spanish-style home at 3530 Pennsylvania, across from the Kansas City Life headquarters.
One might speculate that it was a show home for such a plan, but it was actually built several years before Nichols' remarks.
When the Valentine Neighborhood Association was created, the western boundary was Southwest Trafficway, the eastern boundary was Pennsylvania Avenue, the northern boundary was 33rd Street and the southern boundary was Valentine Road.
The VNA has since expanded its eastern boundary to Broadway Blvd, and its northern boundary to 31st Street to include Penn Valley Community College.
The southern boundary was expanded to 40th Street.
The VNA successfully completed two initiatives to down-zone to single family.
The first was south of Valentine Road in 1991.
The second was for the area just north of Valentine Road in 2012.
A Kansas City Life representative testified that they supported the north Valentine down-zoning.
Regarding the referenced commercial properties: The Interstate Securities building was razed to provide more parking for the Panhandle Eastern Building.
Both the Panhandle Eastern Building (later bought by MGE) and the Broadway-Valentine Shopping Center (now called the Uptown Shoppes) began redevelopment projects in 2019 to convert them to mixed-use residential and small retail.
Kansas City Life continued to purchase properties with “no immediate plans.” They have demolished buildings as recently as November, 2019.
Stopa
Stopa is a Polish language surname, with the English meaning of "foot".
Notable people with this surname include:
Dorrigo Shire
Dorrigo Shire was a local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Dorrigo Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire was divided to form Nymboida Shire on 5 August 1913.
The shire offices were originally in Coramba but by 1951 had moved to Coffs Harbour.
Other towns in the shire included Dorrigo, Woolgoolga and Glenreagh.
Dorrigo Shire was abolished on 1 January 1957 and split between Bellingen Shire and the newly created Coff's Harbour Shire .
Graciela Bográn
Graciela Bográn (19 October 1896–2000) was a Honduran teacher, writer and women's rights activist.
Engaged in the fight for women's suffrage, she was involved in both the trade union movement and political protests.
She was also well-known as the editor of the feminist journal "Alma Latina".
After women won the right to vote, she was appointed to serve on the cabinet in the Department of Public Education.
She was elected as a member of the in Madrid in 1963 and several institutions in Honduras bear her name.
Graciela Bográn Rodríguez was born on 19 October 1896 in San Nicolás, Santa Bárbara, Honduras to Petrona Rodríguez and Marco Antonio Bográn.
The eldest of three siblings, she had a sister, Petrona "Elvira" (born 1904) and a brother, Napoleón (born 1907).
Her family descended from Romain Beuagrand (Román Bográn), a French colonel from Brittainy, who arrived in Honduras in the early 19th century, and through him was related to both presidents Luis Bográn and Francisco Bográn.
After completing her primary education, Bográn graduated from the Escuela Normal de Señoritas (Ladies Normal School) in 1914 and began working as a teacher.
In 1916, she married the poet, Rubén Bermúdez Meza and subsequently had three children: Graciela, Rubén and Roberto.
When they divorced, she married again with a North American businessman, Alvin M. Barret (also Barrett).
In 1932, Bográn founded the magazine, "Alma Latina", which became an influential feminist-political and cultural journal throughout Central America.
At the time, she was opposed to women's suffrage because of the violence associated with voting throughout Central America.
Most Honduran women in the 1920s and 1930s, were not supporters of women's enfranchisement as it did not have a historic basis in the Honduran culture, where social and economic subordination were seen more as a class struggle, or simply accepted.
This changed in the 1940s, when Bográn and other feminists saw the advantages to voting as a means to bring more democratic governance to the country.
In 1944, Bográn was accused of being a communist by the Honduran government.
Because she was working as a labor organizer in the northern part of the country, she was suspected of teaching communist doctrine as an agent for Vicente Lombardo Toledano, a Mexican Marxist labor leader.
The United States Ambassador to Honduras, John Draper Erwin, concluded after an investigation, that there was no communist activity in the country and did not classify Bográn, stating "any person who agitates for improved labor conditions is often classified as a communist".
That same year, she and Rodolfo Pastor Zelaya, a founder of the Revolutionary Democratic Party of Honduras led a pro-democracy demonstration in San Pedro Sula in protest to the arrests of citizens calling for the ouster of President Tiburcio Carías Andino.
The right to vote in Honduras was secured for literate women in 1955 and women were able to vote the following year for the first time.
Upon the election of President Ramón Villeda Morales, in 1957, Bográn was appointed to his cabinet, as undersecretary of Education.
In 1959, she was appointed to serve as the federal Secretary of Public Education.
Bográn had continued her work as an educator throughout her life and in 1963, for her service as director of the "Instituto Hondureño de Cultura Hispánica" (Honduran Institute of Hispanic Culture), she was elected to the in Madrid.
Bográn died in 2000 in San Pedro Sula, Honduras.
She is remembered as one of the leading women's rights activists and suffragists of her era.
Since 1998, the House of Culture in San Nicolás, has borne her name, as do several educational facilities.
There is a government preschool, "Centro de Educación Pre Básica Graciela Bográn" in the La Trinidad neighborhood of San Pedro Sula, and in Tegucigalpa, there is the "Colegio Graciela Bogran" in the Jardines de Toncontin neighborhood.
Tracie D. Hall
Tracie D. Hall is a librarian, author, and advocate for the arts, who is the incoming Executive Director of the American Library Association, succeeding Mary Ghikas.
Prior to her appointment, Hall served as the Director of the Joyce Foundation Culture Program.
She also served as Chicago's Deputy Commissioner of the Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events.
In libraries, Hall was VP of the Queens Public Library, and Assistant Dean of Dominican University Graduate School of Library and Information Science.
She was also the Director of the Office for Diversity for the American Library Association.
Reichstag Bloodbath
The Reichstag Bloodbath () occurred on January 13, 1920, in front of the Reichstag building in Berlin during negotiation by the Weimar National Assembly on the Works Council Act ().
The number of victims is controversial, but it is certainly the bloodiest demonstration in German history.
The event was a historic event from which was overshadowed two months later by the Kapp Putsch but remained in Berlin's labour movement and security forces' collective memory.
The government hoped to limit union activity by passing the Works Council Act.
The left-wing German political parties the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) and Communist Party of Germany (KPD) backed the workers who wanted unrestricted organizing powers.
To push their point a protest was called for on January 13, 1920, in front of the Reichstag.
The protection of the building lay with the militarily organized security police (Sipo).
Between September 1919 and January 1920, the Reich Government, which was led by the Social Democrats and in continued cooperation with the Army Command, was specially set up in Berlin to protect the existing order, because the existing Berlin police force during the November Revolution and during the Spartacus uprising had failed.
The Sipo consisted mainly of former Freikorps members and was commanded by army officers.
Numerous relatives and officers were clearly right-wing extremists.
Neither the leadership nor the police on the ground had extensive training.
Smaller Sipoverbände with machine guns were stationed in the Reichstag building, bigger front of the entrance of the building at King Square and along Samson Street.
On January 13th, starting at around 12 noon, most of the large companies in Berlin stopped working; these include, for example, AEG, Siemens, Daimler and Knorr-Bremse.
The workers moved to the inner city on Königsplatz in front of the Reichstag, but many only came to the adjacent side streets due to the crowds.
The numbers vary considerably, according to Weipert it was "at least 100,000, probably there were significantly more."
Speakers from the USPD, the KPD and the works council center made speeches.
There were several assaults on MPs on their way to the session.
After the last speech fell silent, the protesters did not leave the square.
Before the President of the Reichstag, Fehrenbach, opened at 3:19 PM, demonstrators in several places had begun to taunt Sipo men, to push them away, this quickly escalated into groups of protestors disarming and abusing the Sipo guards.
Conversely, the police fought back with the pistol blows of their carbines; but individual officers were reprimanded by their superiors for these actions.
In the meantime, the USPD MPs in the plenary either asked for the Sipo to be withdrawn from the building or for the debate to be closed.
As a result of a massive disturbance by the USPD faction, Fehrenbach had to interrupt the meeting at 3:48 p.m.
MPs who were now watching the tumult on the Königsplatz from the windows of the Reichstag were threatened with revolvers by excited demonstrators.
One person from the crowd fired shots at Portal II of the Reichstag building.
At least one police officer was hit.
Members of the metalworkers' union immediately took the gun from the gunman - apparently captured by the Sipo - and beat him up.
The majority of the demonstrators were calm anyway or even tried to prevent the police from being aggressive.
The events that followed were highly controversial among contemporaries - and still are in research to this day.
One version, represented among others by the then Chancellor Gustav Bauer, blamed the escalation on the demonstrators and especially the organizers.
According to this, around 4:00 p.m. demonstrators tried to enter the building, whereupon the Sipo on Königsplatz opened fire and threw hand grenades at the rally participants.
Independent and communists, on the other hand, emphasized that the shooting had been done for no reason and without warning.
It is unclear whether the warnings existed.
Almost all the dead and injured were found south of the Reichstag, on the opposite sidewalk and in the adjacent zoo, according to reports from various sides.
There, on Simsonstrasse, the crowd was at least four meters away from the police.
So there were no violent attacks during the storming of the building.
Most of the victims were hit here.
After the shots broke out the crowd fled in panic, the Sipo fired several more minutes with their rifles and machine guns.
Nowhere in the sources claims that demonstrators would have been shot back.
The figures for the victims vary between 42 dead and 105 injured on the part of the demonstrators and around 20 dead, including one police officer, and around 100 injured, including 15 police officers.
In any case, the casualties of this event were the largest demonstration in German history.
When Fehrenbach reopened the meeting at 4:13 p.m., the USPD requested that the meeting be adjourned immediately with the note "There are dead and seriously wounded people downstairs in the house".
The President was not convinced of the reason but asked the plenary the question of supporters.
Only a tiny minority supported the request, but stormy protests by the USPD led to another interruption at 4:37 p.m. After the reopening at 5:09 p.m. Fehrenbach, who had now taken note of the fatalities, closed the trial at 5:11 p.m.
The works council law passed the National Assembly at a subsequent meeting on January 18.
With the announcement in the Reichsgesetzblatt, it came into force on February 4, 1920.
After the riot, the Bannmeile Decree was passed and all protests and gatherings in the city center were banned.
Also, the worker's concern's were ignored and the Works Council Act () passed.
Notes
References
Bruno Lanvin
Bruno Lanvin is the Executive Director for Global Indices at INSEAD.
From 2007 to 2012, he was the Executive Director of INSEAD’s eLab, managing INSEAD’s teams in Paris, Singapore and Abu Dhabi.
Lanvin was born on April 14, 1954 in Valenciennes, France.
He speaks and writes French, English and Spanish, and has a working knowledge of Italian, Portuguese, Russian and some Chinese.
For more than 20 years with the United Nations, Lanvin worked in a number of capacities with UNCTAD, the UN ICT Task Force, and the UN Department of International Economic and Social Affairs
He holds a BA in Mathematics and Physics from the University of Valenciennes (France), an MBA from Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales in Paris, and a PhD in Economics from the University of Paris (La Sorbonne) in France.
Since 1998, Lanvin has published a significant number of articles on the international aspects of e-commerce, e-government, the new economy and efforts to bridge the so-called ‘digital divide’, and national knowledge/IT strategies.
Since 2002, he has been co-authoring the Global Information Technology Report co-published with the World Economic Forum) and the Global Innovation Index (co-published with the World Intellectual Property Organization).
Both reports have been used by several governments around the world in assessing and planning their technology and innovation policies.
Lanvin is also a member of numerous boards, including that of The Mohammed Bin Rashid Centre of Government Innovation in Dubai, ICANN, and the Government Technology Agency of Singapore.
Hastings Shire
Hastings Shire was a local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Hastings Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were originally in Wauchope but by 1975 had moved to Port Macquarie.
Other towns in the shire included Camden Haven, Comboyne, Ellenborough, Kendall and Laurieton.
Hastings Shire was amalgamated with the Municipality of Port Macquarie to form Municipality of Hastings on 1 January 1981 per the "Local Government Areas Amalgamation Act 1980".
Roxsolt Attaquer
Roxsolt Attaquer is an Australian road bicycle racing women's team which participates in elite women's races, the team was established in 2016.
Durutli
Durutli (, ) is a village in the southeastern part of North Macedonia.
It is located in the municipality of Dojran.
According to the 2002 census, the settlement had a total of 16 inhabitants.
Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macleay Shire
Macleay Shire was a local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Macleay Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
The shire offices were in West Kempsey.
Other towns in the shire included Bellbrook, Frederickton, Smithtown and South West Rocks.
Macleay Shire was amalgamated with the Municipality of Kempsey to form Kempsey Shire on 1 October 1975.
2019–20 in skiing
"This article is about the 2019–20 snow skiing season and results.
For other sports' results, see 2020 in sports."
October 2019
November 2019
December 2019
January 2020
February 2020
March 2020
November 2019
December 2019
January 2020
February 2020
March 2020
Multum Accountants–LSK Ladies Cycling Team
Multum Accountants–LSK Ladies Cycling Team is a Belgian road bicycle racing women's team which participates in elite women's races, the team was established in 2012.
Zumbo's Just Desserts (season 1)
The first season of Zumbo's Just Desserts premiered in Australia on August 22, 2016, on Seven Network.
Twelve contestants were selected to compete.
The winner of the first season won the grand prize of $100,000, gets an opportunity have one of their creations in Zumbo's stores and finally the title of "Zumbo's Just Desserts Winner".
The show is hosted by Adriano Zumbo and Rachel Khoo, with Gigi Falanga as assistant.
Each chapter is divided into two stages.
The "Sweet Sensations task" and the "Zumbo Test".
During the first challenge, regularly with a duration of three hours, each contestant must create a dessert following the theme and rules given by the judges at the beginning.
Rachel and Zumbo evaluate each of the creations, determining a winner, who gets the Dessert Of The Day.
They also declare those who were safe from the second phase and the two bakers who will go to the second phase or elimination round.
The elimination round, or Zumbo Test, consists of testing the bottom bakers with original Zumbo creations.
DOTD: Dessert Of The Day <br>
ZT: Zumbo Test
John Catalano
John Catalano (born November 3, 1949) is an American Republican Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2020, where he represents the 10th Legislative District.
A graduate of Midwestern State University, Catalano owns and operates a jewelry store.
Catalano served on the Brick Township Council in 2010.
In March 2019, Catalano was selected by acclimation by the Ocean County Republican Party to receive the official party line for the 10th district's second assembly seat, after David W. Wolfe announced that he would be leaving the assembly after 28 years in office.
Catalano took office in the Assembly on January 15, 2020.
Each of the 40 districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly.
The other representatives from the 10th District for the 2020-2021 Legislative Session are:
Takane and Hana
Takane and Hana () is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Yuki Shiwasu.
The series has been serialized in "Hana to Yume" since 2014.
The story follows the interactions of 16-year-old Hana Nonomura and 26-year-old Takane Saibara after Hana takes her sister's place in an arranged marriage meeting with Takane.
The series received a live-action television series and a drama CD in 2019.
Hana Nonomura takes the place for her older sister in an arranged marriage meeting with Takane Saibara, the heir to the Takaba conglomerate where her father works.
Despite his wealth and handsome exterior, Takane is actually rude and arrogant, which leads Hana to immediately end the meeting by throwing her disguise in his face.
However, Takane is amused by Hana's disillusionment with him, and continues to pursue her even after learning that she is in fact not her adult sister.
Takane tries to woo Hana by constantly taking her to fancy restaurants, elaborate trips, and buying opulent gifts as he pompously works to get her to cave into him and his lifestyle.
Takane and Hana come to enjoy their "arrangement" and through a constant battle of bickering with each other, come to learn about and care for one another.
It was announced on January 19th, 2019 that the series would receive a live-action television series.
The series was first viewable on-demand on Fuji Television on Demand (FOD), and later run on a repeated time slot.
The series debuted on March 18th, 2019.
A drama CD was bundled with the 13th volume of the manga on February 20th, 2019.
The manga is licensed in English by Viz Media under their Shojo Beat imprint.
The manga ranked on Takarajimasha's Kono Manga ga Sugoi!
2016 list of best manga for female readers.
The series has over 2 million copies in print as of September 2019.
Home Notes
Home Notes was a British monthly women's magazine.
Sir Arthur Pearson, 1st Baronet founded "Home Notes" with the aim of dominating the penny magazine market.
"Home Notes" went on to compete with "Home Chat" and "Woman's Life".
Pearson founded it in January 1894 and the magazine ran until 1958 when it was taken over by sister title Woman’s Own.
It was published as a small format magazine which came out monthly.
The formulation was to cover society gossip and domestic tips along with short stories, dress patterns, recipes and competitions.
Bang You're Dead (disambiguation)
Bang You're Dead may refer to:
George Gilroy
George Bruce Gilroy (16 September 1889 – 15 July 1916) was a Scottish first-class cricketer and British Army officer.
The son of George and Annie Gilroy, he was born at Clatto House in Blebocraigs, Fife.
He was educated at Winchester College, before going up to Magdalen College, Oxford.
While studying at Oxford, Gilroy made a single appearance in first-class cricket for Oxford University against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's in 1909.
After graduating from Oxford, he joined his father in his jute spinning and manufacturing business.
Gilroy served in the British Army during the First World War with the Black Watch, being commissioned as a temporary second lieutenant in August 1914, with promotion to temporary lieutenant in February 1915.
He was made a temporary captain in October 1915, while commanding a company.
He was awarded the Military Cross for actions at the Battle of Loos in September–October 1915.
Gilroy was wounded in action at Longueval during the Battle of the Somme on 14 July 1916, dying from his wounds the following day.
Wanhua (disambiguation)
Wanhua () may refer to:
Mark O. Gottlieb
Mark O. Gottlieb is an American literary agent for writers and illustrators in fiction, nonfiction, children’s literature, graphic novels and other genres.
He's known for representing figures such as Lesley Kagen, James Breakwell, Christopher Brown (author), Christopher Hinz, Andrew Klavan, William F. Nolan, Joe Coleman (painter) and Kate Moretti.
Mark Gottlieb has been instrumental in "Trident Media Group" (TMG) publishing house development.
He has lectured and commented widely on publishing, author rights and the place of literature in the contemporary period of history.
Gottlieb is also an author of a number of publications.
Mark Gottlieb was born in New York City and grew up in the town of Scarsdale.
As a child, Gottlieb witnessed many authors frequently visiting his father's house.
Surrounded by an atmosphere of creativity and books, he showed an early interest in literature and art.
He graduated from Emerson College in 2009 with a M.A degree in writing, literature, and publishing.
While a student at Emerson College, Gottlieb co-founded the "Undergraduate Students for Publishing Club" and the "Wilde Press" where he presided during his college years.
After a year of working at Penguin Group USA as a production assistant to the vice president, Mark Gottlieb later joined Trident Media Group.
Before becoming a literary agent in 2013, he first filled the roles of foreign rights assistant to the director of foreign rights, executive assistant to the chairman, and audio rights agent in the company.
As a literary agent, Gottlieb began working directly with authors, building his own client list of bestselling and award-winning authors.
He has represented various genres such as debut fiction, mystery/crime, science fiction, fantasy, thriller, women’s fiction, young adult, graphic novel and more.
During his career at "Trident Media Group", Gottlieb represented many emerging writers in a range of genres of fiction and nonfiction.
Some of the authors appeared on the New York Times Best Sellers Lists and won literary prizes and awards.
Shingo Nishiyama
Shingo Nishiyama was born on January 24, 2002 in Tokyo, Japan.
He has an older sister.
Nishiyama's favorite subjects in school are Japanese history and world history.
He attended Hinode Gakuen, a correspondence school recommended by fellow Japanese ice dancer Aru Tateno.
Nishiyama was accepted into Waseda University's School of Human Sciences and wants to become a skating coach.
He is related to Japanese ballerina Akane Takada through his mother's side and has worked with her on improving body movement.
Nishiyama learned English after moving to train with Brian Orser in Toronto.
He previously lived with a Japanese host family while in Toronto, but now lives alone.
Yoshida / Nishiyama are popular among fans and have a large social media following.
They look up to training mate Yuzuru Hanyu.
Nishiyama began skating in 2008 at the age of six, at the suggestion of his first coach Masahiro Kawagoe.
He previously trained with Yutaka Higuchi in Tokyo, and qualified to compete at the Japan Championships each year.
Nishiyama moved to Canada alone at age 14 to train with Brian Orser, Tracy Wilson, and Ghislain Briand at the Toronto Cricket, Skating and Curling Club, despite not knowing the language.
After he suffered a hip injury in the fall of 2018 and was unable to practice jumps, another coach at the club, Andrew Hallam, suggested that he consider switching to ice dance.
Nishiyama teamed up with Utana Yoshida in early 2019, and she moved to train with him and his coaches at the Toronto Cricket, Skating and Curling Club in Canada in February 2019.
He continues to train singles simultaneously with ice dance.
In their first season as a partnership, Yoshida / Nishiyama placed sixth at both 2019 JGP United States and 2019 JGP Italy.
They then won gold at the Western Sectional and advanced to the 2019–20 Japan Junior Championships, where they again won gold, ahead of Ayumi Takanami / Yoshimitsu Ikeda.
As a result, Yoshida / Nishiyama were assigned to the 2020 World Junior Championships and the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics.
Individually, Nishiyama placed ninth in the men's singles event at the 2019–20 Japan Junior Championships.
At the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics, Yoshida / Nishiyama placed sixth in the ice dance event with a new personal best, following a sixth-place rhythm dance and a fourth-place free dance.
They were chosen by draw to be part of Team Courage for the mixed-NOC team event, alongside singles' skaters Arlet Levandi of Estonia and Ksenia Sinitsyna of Russia and pairs team Alina Butaeva / Luka Berulava of Georgia.
Yoshida / Nishiyama won the free dance portion of the team event, ahead of both the silver and bronze medalists from the individual ice dance event, to help Team Courage win the gold medal.
Yoshida / Nishiyama have a goal of being in the top ten at the 2020 World Junior Championships.
"JGP: Junior Grand Prix"
Abosede George
Abosede George is a Nigerian-American professor of History and Africana Studies at Barnard College and Columbia University.
Her academic focus are in the areas of African History, Childhood and Youth Studies, Social Reform in Africa, Urban History, Girl Studies, Women's Studies, and Migration Studies.
She is the incumbent President of the Nigerian Studies Association, an affiliate organization of the African Studies Association.
An award-winning author, George has published scored of scholarly articles in high-impact, peer-reviewed academic journals.
Abosede George obtained her B.A.
in History from Rutgers University in 1999.
She proceeded to Stanford University where she earned her M.A.
and Ph.D. degrees in History in 2002 and 2006 respectively.
George began her teaching career in 2003 at Stanford University as a Teaching Fellow.
In 2006, she moved to Trinity College as an Assistant Professor of History and International Studies.
George joined the faculty of Barnard College and Columbia University in 2007.
Her research and teaching interests are in the areas of African urban history, history of childhood and youth in Africa, and women, gender, and sexuality in African History.
From January to May 2011, she was a Visiting Assistant Professor at her alma mater, Rutgers College – Rutgers University.
George has published widely on subjects such as girlhood in African/colonial cities, urbanism and social reform in colonial Africa, among others.
Her articles have appeared in several first-tier, peer-reviewed academic journals, including the "Journal of Social History", "Women’s Studies Quarterly", and the "Scholar and Feminist Online".
George was one of the seven historians engaged in the "AHR" Conversation themed “Each Generation Writes Its Own History of Generations”.
Her book, "Making Modern Girls: A History of Girlhood, Labor, and Social Development", which was published in 2014, won her the 2015 Aidoo-Snyder Book Prize as the best scholarly book.
Lately, she won the 2019 Paula J. Giddings Best Article Award for her article “Saving Nigerian Girls: A Critical Reflection on Girl-Saving Campaigns in the Colonial and Neoliberal Eras”.
Her forthcoming or ongoing works explores, among others, issues relating to migrants and urbanism in nineteenth-century Lagos, as well as the place of identity politics in Brazilian Architecture in nineteenth- and twentieth-century Lagos.
George maintains faculty affiliations with the Africana Studies Program at Barnard, the Institute for African Studies at Columbia (IAS), the Barnard Center for Research on Women (BCRW), and the Center for the Critical Analysis of Social Difference (CCASD).
She is a member of the following professional organizations: African Studies Association, Society for the History of Childhood and Youth, and Nigerian Studies Association where she is the current President.
She is equally a member of the Board of Directors of the Lagos Studies Association, of which, together with Saheed Aderinto and Ademide Adelusi-Adeluyi, she is a foundation member.
Beyond academe, Abosede George has undertaken a number of creative, historical projects.
For instance, the 2018 Lagos Photo Festival featured George's audio piece project which reworks the archives of a court case from the late 1800s in Lagos, Nigeria.
An audio booth was provided in which visitors would sit in and listen to the trial and testimonies from the court case "Ayebomi vs. Regina".
The work received coverage by Vogue Italia.
Abosede George, “Talking Walls: The Work of Brazilian Architecture and Identity in Nineteenth and Twentieth Century Lagos,” "Journal of West African History" 6, no.
2 (2020, forthcoming)
Abosede George, “Introduction: The Imaginative Capital of Lagos,” "Comparative Studies in South Asia, Africa, and Middle East" 38, no.
3 (2019): 439-442.
Abosede George, et al, “"AHR" Conversation: Each Generation Writes Its Own History of Generations,” "The American Historical Review" 123, no.
5 (2018): 1505-1546.
Abosede George, “Saving Nigerian Girls: A Critical Reflection on Girl-Saving Campaigns in the Colonial and Neoliberal Eras,” "Meridians" 17, no.
2 (2018): 309–324.
Winner of the 2019 Paula J. Giddings Best Article Award.
Abosede George, Afterword to Trifonia Melibea Obono, "La Bastarda," translated by Lawrence Schimel (New York: The Feminist Press, 2018)
Abosede George, “A Philosopher with a Plan: Reflections on Ifi Amadiume, Female Husband, Male Daughters: Gender and Sex in an African Society,” "Journal of West African History" 3, no.
2 (2017): 124-130.
Abosede George, Corinne T. Field, et al, “Roundtable: The History of Black Girlhood: Recent Innovations and Future Directions” "Journal of the History of Childhood and Youth" 9, no.
3 (2016): 383-401.
Abosede George, "Making Modern Girls: A History of Girlhood, Labor, and Social Development in 20th Century Colonial Lagos" (Athens, OH: Ohio University Press, New African Histories series, 2014).
Winner of the 2015 Aidoo-Snyder Book Prize of the African Studies Association Women's Caucus.
Abosede George, “Getting the Hang of It,” "Scholar and Feminist Online: Gender, Justice, and Neoliberal Transformations," 11, nos.
1&2 (2013).
Abosede George, “Within Salvation: Girl Hawkers and the Colonial State in Development Era Lagos,” "Journal of Social History," 44, no.
3 (Spring 2011): 837-859.
Abosede George, “Feminist Activism and Class Politics: The Example of the Lagos Girl Hawker Project,” "Women's Studies Quarterly" 35, nos.
3&4 (2007): 128-143.
2020 Cruzeiro Esporte Clube season
The 2020 season is the 99th in the Cruzeiro Esporte Clube's existence.
Along with the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B – which Cruzeiro will play for the first time in their history after being relegated in the 2019 season –, the club will also compete in the Campeonato Mineiro and in the Copa do Brasil.
On 3 October 2019, the Brazilian Football Confederation announced that the 2020 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B will be played between 2 May and 28 November.
"To be defined."
The drawn for the first stage was held on 12 December 2019.
Peter Freyne
Peter David Freyne (November 18, 1949 – January 7, 2009) was an American political journalist and columnist from the United States state of Vermont.
Norma Goldman
Norma Wynick Goldman (March 30, 1922 – October 1, 2011) was an American classics scholar, author, professor at Wayne State University, and president of the Detroit Classical Association.
Her works include textbooks of the Latin language as well as studies of Roman lamps, the architecture of the Janiculum Hill in Rome, and Roman costumes.
Norma Wynick was born in Pittsburgh on March 30, 1922, and moved with her family to Detroit as a teenager.
She began her undergraduate studies at Wayne State University in 1939, graduated in 1944 with both bachelor's and master's degrees, as well as a teaching certificate, and in the same year married art historian Bernard Goldman.
After completing her doctorate, she taught in the Greek and Latin department at Wayne State University until 1993, when instead of retiring she moved to the Department of Interdependency.
With Edith Kovach, she founded the Detroit Classical Association in 1957.
In 2003 she founded the Society of Active Retirees with the goal of encouraging retired people to return to the classroom.
She died of a heart attack while battling cancer on October 1, 2011 in Fountain Hills, Arizona.
Goldman was the author, co-author, or editor of:
She was also featured on the BBC television program "Nova" in 1995 for her attempts to re-create Roman concrete and the awning of the Colosseum, and in 1993 she produced a one-hour video on Roman costuming.
Wayne State University gave Goldman their distinguished alumni award in 1985.
The Classical Association of the Middle West and South gave her their Ovatio award in 1988, and the American Classical League gave her their Merita award in 2006.
Marko Stunt
Noah Nelms (born July 30, 1996), better known under the ring name Marko Stunt, is an American professional wrestler currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW).
He is also known for his appearances for Game Changer Wrestling and IWA Mid-South.
Nelms was born on July 30, 1996 to Lori Nelms and former pastor and missonary, Dwyndl Nelms.
Growing up Nelms found interest in professional wrestling through his father.
In a video interview by Chris Van Vliet, Nelms revealed that due to his father's role as a pastor, Nelms and his family lived in several different states in the lower mid-south as well as Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
Nelms graduated from Lewisburg High School.
During his later teen years, Nelms won his schools talent show and also found small success doing guitar covers on YouTube uploaded by his parents.
Stunt started training when he was 18.
Stunt wrestled mostly locally around Mississippi and for Cape Championship Wrestling in Missouri.
In January 2018, Stunt made his debut for IWA Mid-South's 800th show losing a four-way match.
At Game Changer Wrestling's Joey Janela's Lost In New York, Stunt lost to KTB however this exposure and his performance was popular with online wrestling fans.
This performance caught the attention of Cody Rhodes and The Young Bucks who announced Stunt for All In.
At All In, Stunt participated in the pre-show Over the Budget battle royal.
In September 2018, Stunt competed for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla's Battle of Los Angeles where he was eliminated in the first round by Trevor Lee.
Marko Stunt made his All Elite Wrestling debut at the inaugural AEW Double or Nothing as part of the Casino Battle Royal entering after drawing spades.
He was eliminated from the ring by Ace Romero.
Later it was confirmed that Stunt had signed with AEW.
Stunt found allies with Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus on "Being The Elite" after segments of Stunt showing him being harassed by other members of the locker room.
The trio formed the Jurassic Express.
Jurassic Express were announced for the Inaugural tournament for the AEW World Tag Team Championships to take on the Lucha Brothers in the first round.
Marko Stunt replaced Luchasaurus for the team due to Luchasaurus suffering a hamstring injury.
However Jungle Boy and Marko Stunt lost to the Lucha Brothers eliminating them from the rest of the tournament.
Nelms has a younger brother who is also a professional wrestler under the name Logan Stunt.
Nelms helps run a family owned podcast called the "Stunt Family Podcast".
Growing up Big Show was Nelms's favorite wrestler and his influences include Rey Mysterio, Kane, Chris Jericho, Eddie Guerrero and The Undertaker.
2020 PDC Calendar
This is a list of the 2020 Professional Darts Corporation calendar of events with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage where applicable.
The list includes European tour events, Players Championships events, World Series of Darts events and PDC majors.
It includes some regional tours, such as the ones in North American, Asian and Oceanic regions, but does not include British Darts Organisation (BDO) or World Darts Federation (WDF) events.
Organdzali
Organdzali (, ) is a village in the southeastern part of North Macedonia.
It is located in the municipality of Dojran.
According to the 2002 census, the settlement had a total of 21 inhabitants.
Ethnic groups in the village include:
Thomas Pitcher
Thomas Pitcher (1745-1837) was an English ship-builder who had a shipyard in Northfleet.
Pitcher founded the Northfleet Shipyard in 1788, which he owned until 1816, when the business was taken over by his sons Henry Jones Pitcher and William Pitcher.
The Northfleet Shipyard was one of the largest on the Thames, where Pitcher and Sons built East Indiamen and warships for the Royal Navy.
The business also had a shipyard in Blackwall, where repairs were carried out.
STAR: St Andrews Radio
STAR: St Andrews Radio is a student radio station in St Andrews, Scotland.
It was founded in 2005, and is run by volunteers from the University of St Andrews.
STAR was founded by Sandy Walker and Steve Pidcock, and began with a two-week trial broadcast from 28 February to 13 March 2005, using the cloakroom of the Students' Association building as a studio.
During this period, the station broadcast online at standrewsradio.com, and on 87.7 FM, for six hours each day.
This required around £3,000 of funding, much of which came from the Rector's Charitable Fund, following the support of Clement Freud, then Rector of the University of St Andrews.
During the trial period, the website received 15,000 hits per day.
This success led to further two-week broadcasts, all of which required a Restricted Service Licence.
For the second two-week broadcast, from 21 November to 4 December 2005, the station relocated to the former laundry room of the Students' Association building, and received verbal support from Zane Lowe and Brian Page (then Programme Director at Rock FM).
The station moved to the top floor of the Students' Association building in 2006, and soon moved away from FM broadcasts, instead focusing on internet radio.
Broadcasting was disrupted in 2014, as the building underwent redevelopment.
Following this, STAR moved to a purpose-built studio on the middle floor.
The station broadcasts 24/7 during term time, with hour-long live shows from 9am to 1am each day.
Content varies significantly with each hour, due to the freeform style of programming, with all current students of the University of St Andrews being able to apply for their own weekly show.
STAR features over 100 shows, despite the small student population.
Thom Nairn
Thom Nairn (8 July 1955 – 15 August 2017) was a Scottish poet and literary writer and editor.
He was born in Perthshire, grew up in Coupar Angus and worked as a heraldic artist before studying at the University of Edinburgh.
After graduation he edited the literary magazine "Cencrastus", wrote reviews and published several books of poetry, and in 1991 co-edited (with Robert Crawford) a book of essays on Alasdair Gray.
"The Times" described his poetry as "surreal".
Later, he specialised in translating from Greek into English.
He died in 2017 from complications of pneumonia.
1909–10 Scottish Districts season
The 1909–10 Scottish Districts season is a record of all the rugby union matches for Scotland's district teams.
Edinburgh District beat Glasgow District in the Inter-City match
No other District matches played.
No touring matches this season.
1910–11 Scottish Districts season
The 1910–11 Scottish Districts season is a record of all the rugby union matches for Scotland's district teams.
Edinburgh District beat Glasgow District in the Inter-City match
None.
No other District matches played.
No touring matches this season.
Liang Jun
Liang Jun may refer to:
Khayitjon Alimova
Khayitjon Alimova (born 9 January 1992) is an Uzbekistani Paralympic judoka.
She represented Uzbekistan at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the silver medal in the women's +70 kg event.
Newell, Ohio
Newell is an unincorporated community in Smithfield Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located west of Smithfield and just northwest of Piney Fork at the intersection of Piney Fork Road (County Route 11) and Newell Road (Township Route 134), at .
2020 Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC season
The 2020 Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC season is the club's twenty-first season of existence, their third season in the second tier of American soccer, and their tenth season in the league now named the USL Championship.
The season covers the period from November 18, 2019 to the beginning of the 2021 USL Championship season.
Bob Lilley returns for his third season as Riverhounds manager.
On January 9, 2020, the USL announced the 2020 season schedule.
As a USL Championship club, the Riverhounds will enter the competition in the Second Round, to be played April 7–9.
Adrian Magee
Adrian Magee (born November 13, 1996) is an American football offensive guard.
He played college football at LSU.
Magee attended Franklinton High School in Franklinton, Louisiana, joining the team the year after they won a Class 6A state title.
He was an all-state selection at Franklinton High.
Magee was considered a four-star recruit when he signed with LSU.
His cousin was running back Terrence Magee.
Magee redshirted his freshman season in 2015 after a foot injury in practice.
When Magee arrived at LSU, he acquired the reputation as a jokester who sometimes fell asleep in practice.
Since he rarely played, he impersonated opponents on the scout team.
He played in three games as redshirt freshman in 2016.
On April 25, 2017, Magee was arrested for burglary after he stole an XBox, video games, flip flops, a speaker, and cash, and he was indefinitely suspended.
He confessed to the burglary, returned some items, and the charges were dropped.
After being reinstated to the football team, Magee earned his first start as a sophomore against Auburn and became a part of the rotation.
He earned the nickname "Jiggly Puff".
As a junior, Magee started the first game against Miami (Fla.) In the first quarter of the game, he injured his knee and missed a month of playing time.
He finished the season starting four games in three different positions, playing one game each at left and right tackle and two starts at left guard after Garrett Brumfield was hurt.
Despite preferring to play offensive tackle, Magee learned more about sliding inside and handling defensive lineman, citing it as important in his development.
By the start of preseason practice in 2019, Magee competed with Chasen Hines for the starting role at left guard, splitting time in the first game and Magee starting every game since.
In the matchup against Vanderbilt, Magee made a double pancake block that went viral.
Magee was named to the Second Team All-SEC as a senior.
In the Peach Bowl win over Oklahoma, Magee switched to right guard after Damien Lewis was injured.
Tig (software)
Tig is an ncurses-based text-mode interface for git.
It functions mainly as a Git repository browser, but can also assist in staging changes for commit at chunk level and act as a pager for output from various Git commands.
Jailbird
Jailbird may refer to:
Jailbirds or Jail Birds may refer to:
Schoenus bolusii
Schoenus bolusii is a species of sedge endemic to the mountains of the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
However, "S. bolusii" is not found on the Cape Peninsula.
The key diagnostic character of "S. bolusii" are its relatively narrow (<1.2 mm) and short (<4.0 mm) spikelets.
In addition, "S. bolusii" has small reddish-purple streaks adjacent to its glume margins and similar streaking patterns on its membranaceous leaf sheaths.
"Schoenus exilis","Schoenus ligulatus" and "Schoenus quartziticus" resemble "S. bolusii", but these three species do not have the reddish-purple streaking patterns that are characteristic of the glumes and leaf sheaths of "S. bolusii".
"Schoenus submarginalis" is most similar to "S. bolusii", but the two species differ in their leaf sheaths, with those of "S. submarginalis" being firm, whereas the sheaths of "S. bolusii" are membranaceous with reddish-purple-streaking patterns.
Similar to other sedges, plants in this group are very difficult to identify.
It appears that part of this problem is caused by the tendency of the southern African "Schoenus" to form hybrids with each other.
It is not clear whether "Schoenus bolusii" forms hybrids with other southern African "Schoenus" species.
"Schoenus bolusii" is a species in family Cyperaceae, tribe Schoeneae.
Other notable genera in tribe Schoeneae include "Lepidosperma", "Oreobolus", "Costularia", "Tetraria" and "Gahnia".
The most closely-related species to "S. bolusii" are other southern African "Schoenus" species, specifically, species in the "S. cuspidatus" and allies group.
Southern African "Schoenus" were once classified as "Tetraria"; however, based on molecular and morphological differences, we now know that the two groups are evolutionary distinct.
To ensure that this group of sedges is monophyletic (i.e.
the genus only has closely-related species), the southern African "Tetraria" were transferred into "Schoenus".
In the field, the southern African "Schoenus" can be distinguished from "Tetraria" species by their lack of stem leaves and the absence of reticulate sheaths at the bases of the flowering stems.
"Schoenus bolusii" is a species of sedge found in the mountains of the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
However, this species is not found on the Cape Peninsula.
This species generally occurs on dry sites on coarse soils, but it has been also collected from wet mountain slopes.
The reported elevation range of "S. bolusii" is between sea level and nearly 1000 m.
Zumbo's Just Desserts (season 2)
The second season of Zumbo's Just Desserts premiered in Australia on November 17, 2019, on Seven Network.
Ten contestants were selected to compete.
The winner of this season won the grand prize of $100,000 and earns the title of "Zumbo's Just Desserts Winner".
The show is hosted by Adriano Zumbo and Rachel Khoo.
The assistant Gigi Falanga from previous season did not return.
The winner was Catherine Zhang.
Each chapter is divided into two stages.
The "Sweet Sensations task" and the "Zumbo Test".
During the first challenge, regularly with a duration of three hours, each contestant must create a dessert following the theme and rules given by the judges at the beginning.
Rachel and Zumbo evaluate each of the creations, determining a winner, who gets the Dessert Of The Day.
They also declare those who were safe from the second phase and the two bakers who will go to the second phase or elimination round.
The elimination round, or Zumbo Test, consists of testing the bottom bakers with original Zumbo creations.
SS: Sweet Sensations Challenge <br>
ZT: Zumbo Test
Francesca Di Giovanni
Francesca Di Giovanni (born 24 March 1953), is an Italian lawyer who has worked in the Secretariat of State of the Holy See since 1993, where in January 2020 she became the first woman to hold a managerial position in that branch of the Roman Curia.
Born in Palermo, she studied law and completed her training as a notary.
She then worked in the administration of the international center of the Focolare Movement.
On 15 September 1993, she joined the Secretariat of State of the Holy See, where she worked in the field of multilateral relations.
Her responsibilities included refugee and migration issues as well as international human rights, communications, private law, the position of women, copyright issues, and tourism.
On 15 January 2020, Pope Francis appointed her an Undersecretary for Multilateral Affairs in the Section for Relations with States of the Secretariat of State.
She is the first woman and the first lay person to hold a managerial position in the Secretariat of State, a position normally reserved for a member of the clergy.
Her responsibilities include the Holy See's interests in intergovernmental organizations and international treaties, while the bilateral sector is headed by another undersecretary, Mirosław Wachowski, a Polish cleric.
Liang Jun (tractor driver)
Liang Jun (; 1930 – 14 January 2020) was a female tractor driver who became a folk hero and model worker in Communist China.
She is depicted on the one yuan banknote of China's third renminbi series.
She served as a politician, both provincial and national, and advisor on agricultural matters.
She is celebrated for breaking down class and gender barriers.
Liang was born in 1930 in Mingshui County, Heilongjiang; her family were peasants and so gave her to a nearby landlord to be a child bride when she was twelve.
When Liang was 15, the province was liberated during World War II.
As the Communist Party of China came into power, Liang was allowed to go to school.
Tina Mai Chen, a specialist in Chinese history, interviewed Liang in 1996; Chen says that "She took on the idea of getting an education, of also challenging the ideas of her fellow male students and other teachers to show that women could do the work".
In 1947, Liang began a work-study program at Mengya teaching school in Dedu County.
Here she read books on workers ethics and powerful women, and saw Soviet films (including "Heroine", about a Soviet woman who takes on a Nazi army) and exhibitions that depicted female tractor drivers.
She chose this occupation, going into further education at a specialist tractor driving school.
In 1948, the province began a tractor driving course, and Mengya was given three places for their students; Liang signed up, not knowing she was the only female until it began.
The course had 70 students in total.
Chen notes that Liang's dedication "fits into the Socialist project of glorifying the worker".
Part of the rise of the People's Republic of China (PRC) involved this, termed by Chen as "celebrating women in particular roles".
Liang is popularly seen as China's first female tractor driver, though this may not entirely be the case: before the PRC promoted Liang as such, other women may have been training to drive tractors in other parts of the country.
The PRC promoted the model worker concept by creating a generation of 'first women' in various roles, and "no occupation [was] more promoted than that of the female tractor driver".
Though she became a folk hero across China because of the image as a first woman, Liang continued to work, and was said to have "devoted her whole life to farm machinery".
Her rise to notoriety involved stories spreading across the country that she, a woman, took tractors out to explore the wilderness.
Liang's story inspired other women to become tractor drivers, and the first all-female team was formed in 1950, with Liang made its leader.
In 1951, the local government funded Liang to receive further training from the newly-created Beijing Agricultural Machinery Academy, and the Beijing Agricultural Mechanization College in 1952.
Liang returned to her province and began working for the government there, heading up agricultural development programs.
As a folk hero, in December 1949 she was selected as the Communist Party's delegate for the Asian Women's Conference.
In 1957, Liang became one of the agricultural instructors to the explorations into China's northern wilderness.
She continued as an instructor for the 1960 expedition.
When the first tractor manufacturing plant in China was opened in Harbin in 1959, Liang was involved.
In 1962, an image of her driving a tractor became the face of the one yuan banknote.
Between 1954 and 1966, Liang was elected to be a member of the National People's Congress on three consecutive occasions.
She continued to work in her province's government agricultural sector until she retired in 1990.
Her life is included in Chinese primary school textbooks, and films have been made about her.
Liang died on 14 January 2020 at the age of 90 in Harbin.
She had been suffering a long illness, with her son reporting that she had died peacefully after putting up "a good fight".
In the years before her death, Liang had suffered various illnesses, becoming bedridden.
Gabriel Hamer-Webb
Gabriel Morgan Hamer-Webb (born 7 November 2000 in Bath, England) is an English professional rugby union footballer.
He plays as a winger for Bath.
Hamer-Webb was a pupil at Beechen Cliff School and had trials at Southampton, Bristol City and Yeovil Town football clubs before taking up a place on the school's Academic and Sporting Excellence (AASE) partnership with Bath Rugby.
He signed a senior academy contract with the club ahead of the 2019-20 season, and he made his debut in a Premiership Rugby Cup defeat against Exeter Chiefs on 21 September 2019.
He made his Premiership debut as a head injury replacement for Max Wright against Wasps on 2 November 2019, before scoring his first try for the club against Ulster in the European Rugby Champions Cup two weeks later.
On 10 January 2020, Alan Dickens named Hamer-Webb in his 32-man England squad for the 2020 Six Nations Under 20s Championship.
Gulruh Rahimova
Gulruh Rahimova (born 29 September 1992) is an Uzbekistani Paralympic judoka.
She represented Uzbekistan at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won one of the bronze medals in the women's 70 kg event.
Lloyd Cushenberry
Lloyd Cushenberry III is an American football center for the LSU Tigers.
Cushenberry grew up in Carville, Louisiana and attended Dutchtown High School.
Cushenberry initially committed to play college football at South Carolina, but de-committed before choosing LSU.
Cushenberry redshirted his true freshman season.
As a redshirt freshman, Cushenberry played in 11 total games with six games played on offense.
Cushenberry entered his redshirt sophomore year as the Tigers' starting center.
Cushenberry was named first team All-SEC as a redshirt junior.
Following the end of the season, Cushenberry announced that he would forgo his final season to enter the 2020 NFL Draft.
1985 Southern 500
The 1985 Southern 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that took place on September 1, 1985, at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina as race number 20 of 28 of the 1985 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season.
Bill Elliott made history by winning the race and with it the Winston Million bonus
Darlington Raceway, nicknamed by many NASCAR fans and drivers as "The Lady in Black" or "The Track Too Tough to Tame", is a race track built for NASCAR racing located near Darlington, South Carolina.
It is of a unique, somewhat egg-shaped design, an oval with the ends of very different configurations, altered to accommodate the resident landowner who didn’t want his nearby minnow pond disturbed.
This situation makes it very challenging for the crews to set up their cars' handling in a way that will be effective at both ends.
The track is a four-turn oval.
The track's first two turns are banked at twenty-five degrees, while the final two turns are banked two degrees lower at twenty-three degrees.
The front stretch (the location of the finish line) and the back stretch is banked at six degrees.
Darlington Raceway can seat up to 60,000 people.
Darlington has something of a legendary quality among drivers and older fans; this is probably due to its long track length relative to other NASCAR speedways of its era and hence the first venue where many of them became cognizant of the truly high speeds that stock cars could achieve on a long track.
The track allegedly earned the moniker The Lady in Black because the night before the race the track maintenance crew would cover the entire track with fresh asphalt sealant, in the early years of the speedway, thus making the racing surface dark black.
Darlington is also known as "The Track Too Tough to Tame" because drivers can run lap after lap without a problem and then bounce off of the wall the following lap.
Racers will frequently explain that they have to race the racetrack, not their competition.
Drivers hitting the wall are considered to have received their "Darlington Stripe" thanks to the missing paint on the right side of the car.
Dale Earnhardt had the dominent car of the race but on lap 317 he spun which not only brought out the caution flag but also damaged his engine which led to him dropping out of the race.
Cale Yarborough led until his car started billowing smoke from his power steering leading to one the races last caution flags leaving Bill Elliott in the lead and claiming the Winston Million.
Failed to qualify, withdrew, or driver changes:
(5) Indicates 5 bonus points added to normal race points scored for leading 1 lap<br>(10) Indicates 10 bonus points added to normal race points scored for leading 1 lap & leading the most laps
Cautions: 14 for 70 laps
LDShadowLady
Elizabeth Dwyer (born 7 October 1992), known online as LDShadowLady or Lizzie, is an English YouTuber known for producing YouTube video content on her YouTube channel called LDShadowLady.
The majority of her video content is based on the video game Minecraft and she gained popularity through various series she created and participated in, such as Shadowcraft, Crazy Craft 3.0, TrollCraft and One Life.
Since registering her channel in 2010 Lizzie has gained over 4 million subscribers and 2 billion views.
LDShadowLady is within the top 100 most subscribed channels in the United Kingdom and the top 2000 worldwide, she is also one of the top 200 biggest gaming channels.
On the 9th January 2010 Lizzie created her main YouTube channel LDShadowLady.
On the 11th October 2013 Lizzie created her second channel, a Vlog channel, More LDShadowLady.
She was one of the YouTube celebrities appearing in "YouTube Rewind: The Ultimate 2016 Challenge" and "YouTube Rewind: The Shape of 2017".
In 2019 Lizzie presented the BAFTA for Games to Astro Bot Rescue Mission.
Lizzie has a younger sister called Maddie.
As a child Lizzie had a cat called Giggsy who she was very close to, though sadly he went missing, and past, around 2010.
In 2013 Lizzie adopted a kitten who she called Buddy, and in 2017 Joel and Lizzie adopted an 8 week old Finnish Lapphund who they called Meri.
On the 9th November 2017 Lizzie announced her engagement to long-term boyfriend, and fellow YouTuber, Joel/Smallishbeans.
Lizzie and Joel met in September 2011 at a convention called GameFEST, they didn't start dating until 2012.
They got married on the 11th May 2019 at Iscoyd Park, Wales.
Lizzie is a big fan of the singer Lights (musician) and used her song "Don't Go Home Without Me" in her wedding video.
Bronschhofen AMP railway station
Bronschhofen AMP railway station () is a railway station in the village of Bronschhofen, part of the municipality of Wil, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Kreuzlingen line and is served by local trains only.
Bronschhofen AMP is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
The Vaulted Ceiling
The Vaulted Celing () is an 1851 historical novel by Alexandre Herculano.
Set in 1401, it deals with the construction of Batalha Monastery by the blind architect Afonso Domingues.
Bettwiesen railway station
Bettwiesen railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Bettwiesen, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Kreuzlingen line and is served by local trains only.
Bettwiesen is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Tursunpashsha Nurmetova
Tursunpashsha Nurmetova (born 17 January 1996) is an Uzbekistani Paralympic judoka.
She represented Uzbekistan at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the bronze medal in the women's 63 kg event.
Preaching Chords
Preaching Chords is the colloquial name given to a sub-genre of Traditional Black Gospel and Urban Contemporary Gospel music, usually in the African American Baptist and Pentecostal Church tradition, to a number of Blues Music-inspired chords and Blues riffs that are usually played on a Hammond Organ and/or a piano (and sometimes with rimshots to a snare drum and hi-hat on a drum kit to accentuate the chords) to accompany a pastor or minister's sermon while he is preaching, usually played to audibly imitate the preacher's voice in a musical way.The exact origin of preaching chords being played in African American Baptist and Pentecostal churches is relatively unknown, but is mostly believed to have started in either the early or mid-20th Century, at a time when many African-American clergymen and pastors began preaching in a charismatic, musical call-and-response style where they would encourage their congregations to shout out vocal catchphrases (based on whatever they were preaching about) along with them as they preached their sermons.
Church musicians began playing different Soul and Blues music-inspired chords, chord progressions, and musical riffs on pianos and Hammond organs that were improvised to imitate the voices of the preachers and the calls-and-responses of the congregations because it audibly sounded almost as if the preachers and congregations were singing.
This type of call-and-response preaching is also colloquially referred to by many as "hooping and hollering," or "hooting and hollering."
On October 20, 2010, CNN featured a story of African-American Atlanta, Georgia Baptist megachurch pastor E. Dewey Smith, Jr., where he talked about this type of call-and-response preaching that he incorporates into his sermons and referred to it as "hooping," giving an explanation of its cultural significance to African-American Christianity and gospel music, saying, "Hooping is delivering and celebrating the Gospel message of Jesus Christ in an exuberant, musical style with a call-and-response type of synergy...it's almost like an improvisation of Jazz music meeting Gospel music with a little bit of Blues and Soul."
He continued on to say, "The reason why it's so important to the Black Church and to Black communities is because, even though the message is the most important part for the sake of preaching and winning souls, it's our African-American way of connecting the message of the Gospel with a unique, soulful, and cultural style of musical celebration, that helps to get the message across and make it stick, emphasizing the joy of the message of the Gospel and of Christianity itself as the faith of God."
Today, preaching chords have become a staple part of Baptist and Pentecostal musical worship, particularly in the Black Church tradition, and have become a staple part of Traditional Black Gospel music and Urban Contemporary Gospel music in the United States, and even in other countries as well where Black Gospel music and culture is prevalent among Black Christians, such as in different countries in sub-Saharan Africa and in Europe.
Mirror of Love (2 Brothers on the 4th Floor song)
"Mirror of Love" is a 1996 song by Dutch Eurodance group 2 Brothers on the 4th Floor featuring rapper D-Rock and singer Des'Ray.
It was released as the fourth single from their second album, "2".
The song peaked at number 6 in the Netherlands, number 19 in Finland, number 22 in Belgium and number 44 in Sweden.
On the Eurochart Hot 100, "Mirror of Love" reached number 90 in August 1996.
Shirin Sharipov
Shirin Sharipov (born 18 December 1989) is an Uzbekistani Paralympic judoka.
He represented Uzbekistan at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and he won the bronze medal in the men's 100 kg event.
He won the gold medal in the men's +100 kg event at the 2017 Islamic Solidarity Games.
Tägerschen railway station
Tägerschen railway station () is a railway station in the village of Tägerschen, part of the municipality of Tobel-Tägerschen, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Kreuzlingen line and is served by local trains only.
Tägerschen is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Lorena Vindel
Lorena Vindel (born 1977) is a Honduran actress and artist.
Lorena Vindel began her artistic training at the Experimental Children's Music School in Tegucigalpa, and continued it at the National School of Music.
From 1996 to 1998, she studied art history at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Honduras.
At the same time she performed at the Teatro Zambra.
In 1998, she emigrated to Spain, where she continued her training with acting and musical studies.
She started working as a theatrical actress and obtained supporting, extra, and double roles in Spanish films.
In 2008, she won the Best New Actress award at the for her role in "Seven Billiard Tables".
In 2010, she won the lead role in the film "", released in 2011.
In 2014, she returned to Honduras to create a performance art piece called "Madre Tierra", inspired by biblical texts and local traditions.
24S-hydroxycholesterol
24"S"-hydroxycholesterol (24S-HC), also known as cholest-5-ene-3,24-diol or cerebrosterol, is an endogenous oxysterol produced by neurons in the brain to maintain cholesterol homeostasis.
It was discovered in 1953 by Alberto Ercoli, S. Di Frisco, and Pietro de Ruggieri, who first isolated the molecule in the horse brain and then demonstrated its presence in the human brain.
24S-HC is produced by a hydroxy group substitution at carbon number 24 in cholesterol, catalyzed by the enzyme cholesterol 24-hydroxylase (CYP46A1).
24S-HC binds to apolipoproteins such as apoE, apoJ, and apoA1 to form HDL-like complexes which can cross the blood-brain barrier more easily than free cholesterol.
Thus, 24S-HC production serves as one of several counterbalancing mechanisms for cholesterol synthesis in the brain.
After entering general blood circulation and traveling to the liver, 24S-HC can be sulfated, glucuronidated, or converted into bile acids, which can ultimately be excreted.
24S-HC is an agonist of liver X receptors, a class of nuclear receptors that sense oxysterols.
In the brain, liver X receptor beta is the primary LXR type which interacts with 24S-HC.
24S-HC levels sensed by LXRs can regulate the expression of SREBP mRNA and protein, which in turn regulate cholesterol synthesis and fatty acid synthesis.
24S-HC may participate in several aspects of brain development and function, such as axon and dendrite growth or synaptogenesis.
Regulation of 24S-HC metabolism in neurons may play a role in their health and function, as well as their response to injury or disease.
Blood plasma levels of 24S-HC may be altered after acute brain injuries such as stroke or in neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, Huntington's disease, and multiple sclerosis.
Fort Myers Power Plant
The Fort Myers Power Plant is a natural gas and fuel oil-fired power station located in Lee County, Florida.
The power station is composed of two combined cycle natural gas-fired units (Units 2 and 3) and two fuel oil-fired units (Units 1 and 9), totalling an installed capacity of 2,608.9 MW.
It is the third largest power station in Florida by installed capacity.
George W. Hellmuth
George William Hellmuth (1870-1955) was an American architect based in St. Louis, Missouri.
Hellmuth educated at the Missouri School of Mines and worked in a practice with Louis Spiering.
He also worked with his brother Harry at the firm Hellmuth and Hellmuth Architects.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works involving George W. Hellmuth in the Waterman Place-Kingsbury Place-Washington Terrace Historic District, in St. Louis, are:
Also possibly designed by G.W.
Hellmuth is:
Tobel-Affeltrangen railway station
Tobel-Affeltrangen railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Tobel-Tägerschen, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Kreuzlingen line and is served by local trains only.
Tobel-Affeltrangen is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Eric Westbrook
Dr Eric Westbrook, CB, (1915–2005) was a British-born Australian artist, curator and gallery director of Auckland City Art Gallery and the National Gallery of Victoria.
Eric Westbrook was born in Peckham, south-east London on 29 September in 1915.
In childhood, he accompanied is father, a businessman in the textile industry, on his travels in Europe and waiting for him in museums, an experience which made a lasting impression on his love of art and of galleries.
He was taught by Walter Sickert and Mark Gertler in painting courses at art schools including Battersea, Clapham and Westminster School of Art, and supported his studies by working as a telephone operator.
Despite being scholarship winner, he decided he could make a better contribution as a connoisseur than as a painter, and went to Paris in 1934, at age nineteen, to tour its galleries and to see contemporary art.
During WW2, and after graduating from art school, he was rejected for service in the infantry on the grounds of 'puniness' and instead worked in intelligence liaison and army education.
In 1944 he met his first wife, domestic science teacher Ingrid Nystrom, in an air-raid shelter.
He took up art teaching after the war for the London County Council before being appointed art master at Ardingly College, Sussex.
This led to work for the Arts Council of Great Britain as one of four guide lecturers touring Britain with art exhibitions, and in another role he set up art education for the army and advised the YMCA Youth Clubs in Britain.
Westbrook was approached by the retiring director of the Wakefield Art Gallery (est.
1934, and since 2011 named The Hepworth Wakefield) in West Yorkshire in 1946 to apply for the position.
Successful, he became Britain’s youngest gallery director.
During his tenure he organised a retrospective of the work of Henry Moore who was born 60km from Wakefield.
The exhibition attracted controversial attention when president of the Royal Academy of Arts Alfred Munnings in his 1949 radio-broadcast valedictory speech in 1949 attacked Modernism, identifying Moore as an offending artist.
The material Westbrook generated for the show was taken up for a British Council European tour of Moore's work.
This led three years later to Westbrook being invited to join the Fine Arts Department of the British Council as chief exhibitions officer, arranging traveling exhibitions on British to most European countries, and twice in charge of the British pavilion at the Venice Biennale.
While in Greece during one of these tours, he was informed that Auckland City Art Gallery was seeking a new director.
In 1952 he successfully applied and flew back to England through America to visit galleries there.
For the next four and a half years as director at Auckland he was innovative in exhibitions and expanding activities of the gallery in other arts by inaugurating poetry readings, concerts and summer schools, lecturing and broadcaster.
In recognition, the Art Galleries and Museums Association of New Zealand appointed him an honorary life member in 1959.
In 1955 with Daryl Lindsay’s impending retirement as director of the National Gallery of Victoria, Westbrook was invited to apply for the position and he was appointed on 1 January 1956, aged forty-one years, on a salary of £1,868 p.a.
($A220,000.00 at 2018 value).
Negotiating with a new Victorian Government, he worked to restructure the gallery and increase staffing, raising the profile of the Gallery through his lectures and on the media.
He supported the establishment in 1957 of the Victorian Public Galleries Group (later named Regional Galleries Association of Victoria).
A period of travel in Europe 1957 enabled Westbrook to inspect museums in the Soviet Union and elsewhere, following which in 1960 he and architect Roy Grounds toured 122 galleries and museums and other cultural buildings in Europe and America, as they planned for the removal of the gallery from Melbourne’s public library to a new complex at Southbank and St Kilda Road and the development there of an Arts Centre.
Study leave on a Carnegie Fellowship in 1965 led him in 1967 to establish the NGV voluntary guide service as an interactive and friendly means of introducing audiences to art in institutions which they may find daunting.
In a 1965 interview for a "Walkabout" magazine profile, he asserted an aim to make art and all forms of culture more accessible.
In 1968 construction of the new building for the National Gallery of Victoria was completed, though the design, met with the disapproval of some commentators, including art patron John Reed of the Museum of Modern Art Australia (MOMAA), who ridiculed it as "an unmitigated disaster."
The process was commemorated by Westbrook in "Birth of a Gallery" which incorporates a transcript of conversations between the director and architect Grounds.
He proposed in a 1962 interview that the Centre in St Kilda Road would provide "information, stimulation and relaxation for citizens" and that from it a huge creative effort by artists would result in a building designed for its best display, adding that "...it's an ‘instrument’ which we are leaning to play," his role being like that of an orchestral conductor.
In 1970 he was appointed president of UNESCO Visual Arts Committee, but his directorship sometimes met with controversy; he was instrumental in the Gallery becoming the first in Australia to have a photography department, eventually with its own curator Jennie Boddington;; in 1973 Westbrook mounted a large retrospective of work by socialist artist Noel Counihan to criticism from the staff and trustees on grounds that it either was insufficiently 'modern' or that its subversive nature might bring the gallery into disrepute, but Professor (Sir) Joseph Burke's support in opening the exhibition carried weight with most trustees, leading to Counihan's acceptance as a major Australian artist; and an exhibition of Leonard French, who was then Westbrook's exhibitions officer met the disapproval of Professor Bernard Smith and his Antipodeans.
Westbrook retired from the National Gallery of Victoria in 1975 and until 1980 he headed the Victorian Ministry for the Arts, moving then with his second wife non-objective painter Dawn Sime to Castlemaine.
There he resumed his practice as an artist and supported the Castlemaine Art Gallery and Museum.
Shukhrat Boboev
Shukhrat Boboev (born 3 December 1985) is an Uzbekistani Paralympic judoka.
He represented Uzbekistan at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and he won the bronze medal in the men's 90 kg event.
At the 2017 Islamic Solidarity Games he won the gold medal in the men's 90 kg event.
2020 Southeastern Conference softball season
The 2020 SEC softball season began with practices in January 2020, followed by the start of the 2020 NCAA Division I softball season in February.
Conference will start in March 2020 and will conclude in May, followed by the 2020 Southeastern Conference Softball Tournament at Rhoads Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, in May.
Vanderbilt University is the only full member of the Southeastern Conference to not sponsor a softball program.
The SEC preseason poll was released on January 15, 2020.
"Note:" Stats shown are before the beginning of the season.
Overall and SEC records are from time at current school.
Märwil railway station
Märwil railway station () is a railway station in the village of Märwil, within the municipality of Affeltrangen, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Kreuzlingen line and is served by local trains only.
Märwil is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Feruz Sayidov
Feruz Sayidov (born 7 October 1987) is an Uzbekistani Paralympic judoka.
He represented Uzbekistan at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and he won the bronze medal in the men's 73 kg event.
At the 2017 Islamic Solidarity Games he won the silver medal in the men's −73 kg event.
Lenore Newman
Lenore Newman is a Canadian author and geographer.
She is Associate Professor of Geography and the Environment at the University of the Fraser Valley and Director of the Food and Agriculture Institute.
She holds the Canada Research Chair in Food Security and the Environment.
Newman was born in Sechelt, a coastal town in British Columbia, and raised in a fishing family.
She attended the University of British Columbia, where she received a BSc (Hons), and then completed an MES and PhD at York University.
Newman studies agricultural and culinary geography.
She has conducted fieldwork around the globe, studying public markets, regional cuisines, farmland preservation, global food security, and the ecology of the world’s food system.
As Canada Research Chair in Food Security and the Environment she researches the impact of climate change on food security and global cuisines.
She has published over forty peer-reviewed academic articles in her area of research.
In 2014, Newman was inducted into the Royal Society of Canada's College of New Scholars, Artists and Scientists.
Her first book, "Speaking in Cod Tongues: A Canadian Culinary Journey", was published in 2017 by the University of Regina Press.
It explores regional food cultures across Canada, ultimately arguing for the existence of a distinctly Canadian cuisine and outlining the properties that define it.
Her second book, "Lost Feast: Culinary Extinction and the Future of Food" was published in 2019 by ECW Press.
It explores the foods that humans have eaten to extinction.
Newman currently researches technology and the future of food, agricultural land use policy, and place making through food and agriculture.
In 2018 she was appointed to a government committee to strengthen the Agricultural Land Reserve in British Columbia.
In 2019 she was appointed to a Food Security Task Force with the mandate to advise the government on ways to apply technology and innovation to support the agricultural sector in British Columbia and to reduce food waste.
Oppikon railway station
Oppikon railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Bussnang, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Kreuzlingen line and is served by local trains only.
Oppikon is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Adaja
The Adaja is a river of Spain located in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula, a major left-bank tributary of the Douro.
Featuring a total length of 163 km, its river basin drains an area of 5,328 km2.
It has its source in the so-called Fuente Berroqueña (Villatoro, province of Ávila), near the saddle point between and the Sierra de Ávila.
Initially following a Southwest-Northeast course through the Amblés Valley, the Adaja bends towards the North in Ávila.
It receives the contribution of its most important tributary, the Eresma, near Matapozuelos, emptying in the Douro in the province of Valladolid.
Barsha Nayak
Barsha Nayak is an Indian actress, born in Paradip, Odisha.
She works in Odia cinema industry named Ollywood.
Her debut film was Tulasi Apa.
Debut film earned her success as she was awarded Best actress in 27th Odisha State Film Awards presented by the Government of Odisha.
Barsha got her first film 'Tulasi Apa' directed by Amiya Patnaik after giving audition, while she was working for an IT Company in Hyderabad in 2015.The film is based on the life of social activist and Padma Shri awardee Tulasi Munda.
'Tulasi Apa' was screened in International Film Festival of India (IFFI), 21st Kolkata International Film Festival, 8th Bengaluru International Film Festival, International Film Festival of Shimla (IFFS) and 8th Nasik International Film Festival in India and outside of India at Tehran Jasmine International Film Festival in Ramsar, Iran.But the film was released in theatres on 19 may 2017.This film has become the first Odia feature film to be featured on Amazon Prime World Wide.
Bussnang railway station
Bussnang railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Bussnang, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
It is an intermediate stop on the Wil–Kreuzlingen line and is served by local trains only.
Bussnang is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Celebration (Fun Factory song)
"Celebration" is a 1995 Eurodance song by German band Fun Factory.
It was released as the second single from their second album, "Fun-Tastic".
The song is sung by Marie Anett Mey and the rap is by Smooth T (aka Toni Cottura).
It peaked at number 12 in Germany, number 10 in Spain and number 19 in France.
Outside Europe, it reached number 9 on the dance chart in Canada and number 88 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US.
A music video was shot to accompany the song.
It was directed by Marcus Adams.
"Billboard" wrote about the song: "Speaking of musical calls for peace and unity, this red-hot Euro-dance act drops its standard rapid pace down to a per-cussive pop/reggae groove for this engaging plea for racial harmony.
The result is the act's most appealing single to date.
Do not be surprised if this is also Fun Factory's biggest hit, too.
You are likely to be humming the chorus for hours after the first time you hear it."
Erlen railway station
Erlen railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Erlen, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
It is an intermediate stop on the Winterthur–Romanshorn line and is served by local trains only.
Erlen is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Fred Crutcher
Fred Crutcher (born ) is a former American football tailback.
He played for the USC Trojans from 1981 to 1985.
He tore ligaments in his left knee in 1982 and was slowed by the injury in 1983.
He was the lead running back for the 1984 team, totaling 1,155 rushing yards and 10 touchdowns.
He was described as "a pounding type who endures punishment and is always heading upfield, but seldom breaks long runs."
He became known by the nickname "Four-Yard Freddie".
In five years at USC, he totaled 2,815 rushing yards and scored 21 touchdowns.
April Fool (2014 film)
April Fool is a 2014 Telugu language film directed by Krishna Swamy Srikanth Iyengar and starring Ranadhir and Srushti Dange (in her Telugu debut) with Gulshan Grover playing a negative role.
Jagapathi Babu and Bhumika play an extended cameo appearance as a couple.
Due to the presence of Jagapathi Babu and Bhumika, the film posters depicted them as the lead actor although they play cameos.
The film was released across two-hundred screens.
"AP Herald" wrote that In an attempt to try something unconventional director Krishna Swamy Srikanth Iyengar seems to be totally inspired by "Groundhog Day"".
The "Times of India" gave the film one out of five stars stating that "The film, we were told, was going to be an absurd comedy.
It's only half true...the absurd part that is".
World RX of Russia
The World RX of Russia is a rallycross event held in Russia for the FIA World Rallycross Championship.
The event is due to make its début in the 2020 season, at the Igora Drive circuit in Sosnovo.
Oberaach railway station
Oberaach railway station () is a railway station in the village of Oberaach, within the municipality of Amriswil, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau.
It is an intermediate stop on the Winterthur–Romanshorn line and is served by local trains only.
Oberaach is served by the S10 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Stardust (1990 novel)
Stardust is a 1990 crime novel by crime writer Robert B. Parker, using his fictional private investigator Spenser as its protagonist.
The novel is about Spenser being paid to guard a television actress, Jill Joyce, who has been getting harassing phone calls.
When her stunt double is murdered, Spenser has to find the killer before he or she strikes again.
Private investigator Spenser takes on a bodyguarding job, to protect a television actress, Jill Joyce, who has been getting harassing phone calls.
While at first there is speculation that the attractive, alcohol-loving star may be exaggerating the incidents for attention, Spenser realizes there is a serious danger when her stunt double is murdered.
Spenser interviews her former lovers and partners, including a mob-linked executive and a financially struggling ex-husband.
Spenser leaves his tough friend Hawk to protect Jill, while he travels to do more background research.
Spenser goes to California to visit her estranged parents.
He finds out that Jill secretly had a child out of wedlock.
Colaizzo
Colaizzo is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
World RX of Abu Dhabi
The World RX of Abu Dhabi is a rallycross event held in Russia for the FIA World Rallycross Championship.
The event made its début in the 2019 season, at the Yas Marina Circuit.
Cricket at the Arafura Games
The Arafura Games is a multi-sport event where athletes with a disability and able-bodied athletes compete in the same program.
It's held every two years in the Australian city of Darwin, Northern Territory.
The Arafura Games takes its name from the Arafura Sea, which lies between northern Australia and Southeast Asia.
Andreia Faria
Andreia Martins Faria (born 19 April 2000) is a Portuguese football player who plays for Benfica and for the Portugal women's national under-19 football team as a midfielder.
Benfica
George Hellmuth
George Hellmuth may refer to:
Davyd Khorava
Davyd Khorava (born 29 June 1988) is a Ukrainian Paralympic judoka.
He represented Ukraine at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and he won two medals: the gold medal in the men's 66 kg event in 2012 and the bronze medal in the men's 66 kg event in 2016.
He won the silver medal in the men's 66 kg event at the 2015 IBSA European Judo Championships.
The Bicycle Man
"The Bicycle Man" is a two-part very special episode of the American sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes" (1978–1986), starring Conrad Bain, Gary Coleman, Todd Bridges, and Dana Plato.
Serving as the 16th and 17th episodes of the fifth season, it was written by Blake Hunter, directed by Gerren Keith, and guest-stars Gordon Jump as a bicycle shop owner who tries to engage in sexual activity with Arnold Jackson and his friend Dudley Ramsey (Shavar Ross).
The episode also features Le Tari as Ted Ramsey, Dudley's father, and Brad Trumbull as Detective Simpson.
"The Bicycle Man" originally aired on NBC on February 5 and 12, 1983, and was critically acclaimed.
In later years, "The Bicycle Man" has been notable for beginning the trend of "very special episodes," sitcom episodes that deal with social issue topics very serious for the tone of the overall series; as well as its dark content.
Several publications have ranked it one of the best very special episodes.
A scene from "The Bicycle Man" was used in "An Open Secret" (2015), a documentary film about pedophilia in the film industry.
Both parts of "The Bicycle Man" opens with Conrad Bain, out of character, informing viewers that the episode will deal with a "very sensitive and important subject" that's "at deep concern with all of us."
He instructs families to watch the episode and discuss the issues presented afterward.
The Drummonds and Jacksons are acquaintances with Mr. Horton, who owns a bicycle shop from which the family regularly rents bikes from.
Arnold Jackson is interested in buying a bike, but there is skepticism from his father, Phillip Drummond, as well as his siblings, Willis Jackson and Kimberly Drummond.
However, Arnold's pleading plus a deal to purchase a bicycle for a third lower than the actual price offered by Horton influences Phillip to buy it for his son's birthday.
Horton then makes a deal with Arnold for a radio if he sends out flyers to other kids advertising a "sale" at the shop, which he successfully does with the help of his friend Dudley.
Arnold goes to the shop on another day asking Horton for more flyers.
In the encounter, Horton feeds Arnold a banana split and discusses the possibility of Arnold using the bike for free before his birthday; Horton also instructs the kid to keep their encounters a "secret."
Arnold comes home later than usual that night, which is noticed by Phillip as well as Kimberly and Willis; however, Arnold's lie about getting pretzels before he got home is enough for his relatives to think little of it.
Arnold brings Dudley to his next private meeting with Horton, but it is too rainy for Arnold to ride around the park.
Horton uses this opportunity to entice the two with pizza, wine, and pornographic magazines.
Horton also shows them pictures of himself skinny dipping with other kids and plays a game of "Tarzan" involving them taking pictures of each other, with Dudley being shirtless.
Arnold then realizes the possibility of his father smelling wine breath on him; despite chewing a mouth-full of mint gum offered by Horton to hide the scent, the plan fails, as Kimberly and Willis notice the smells.
Arnold admits to drinking alcohol to the two, but lies that it was Dudley's father Ted that offered "a couple of sips."
The siblings also keep it a secret from Philip.
Arnold and Dudley go to the shop again the next day, Arnold admitting to Harold that feels "funny" about having the secret meetings.
However, Harold's showing of a "Fritz the Cat"-esque adult cartoon "Murphy the Mouse", while gaining Dudley's attention, also turns off Arnold to the point where he leaves the shop; this leaves Dudley and Horton to play a game of "Neptune: King of the Sea" alone.
Arnold comes back to Phillip's place, just after Phillip learns from Ted about Arnold and Dudley's drinking.
This forces Arnold to confess that Mr. Horton offered him the wine, along with the other graphic content he showed Arnold and Dudley.
This plus revealing that Dudley is still at the shop triggers Phillip into action, calling the police to raid the place.
Phillip, Ted, and detective Simpson go and find Dudley in the bathroom, feeling dizzy after Horton offered him a pill that would make him "feel good."
He also confesses to the three adults that Horton "tried to touch me," and admits to feeling "scared."
At Phillip's place, Arnold gives more details about the "secret" meetings to Simpson, who also informs the family about child molesters in America.
Phillip tells Arnold he can still have a bicycle for his birthday, and the two hug as the episode ends.
The second part of the episode concludes with Bain, via voice-over, instructing viewers to contact law enforcement or social service agencies if there is suspicion of child sex abuse.
As with all episodes of "Diff'rent Strokes" for seasons two to eight, "The Bicycle Man" was directed by Gerren Keith.
It was also Blake Hunter's third writing credit for the series, after "In the Swim" and "Shoot-Out at the O.K.
Arcade."
Gordon Jump, who was typecasted through his career, described it as a "gamble" taking the offer of playing a pedophile character "because you get typed so easily."
He called playing Mr. Horton "one of [his] most painful but rewarding parts."
Todd Bridges described acting in "The Bicycle Man" a "very hard week," as he had been sexually abused several times by his publicist during his entire time with "Diff'rent Strokes".
The first part of "The Bicycle Man" originally aired on NBC on February 5, 1983, its second part a week later.
The episode was critically acclaimed.
"The New York Times" praised the episode for being "written skillfully" and "directed sensitively," particularly highlighting the acknowledgement of pedophiles not being homosexuals.
"The Washington Post" called it "a calm, careful and intelligent treatment of a difficult and potentially traumatizing subject.
There seems little possibility that watching this program would do children harm, and considerable likelihood it could do them good."
Later in 1983, a nine-year-old kid in La Porte, Indiana viewed a re-run of the episode, which influenced him to inform his mother about a man doing inappropriate behavior around the area; he was arrested by police in September, and LaPorte police credited the episode for the arrest.
"The Bicycle Man" started a trend of "very special episodes" in sitcoms, which feature subject matter serious for the general comedic tone of the shows.
For writing the second part of "The Bicycle Man," Hunter was nominated for a Humanitas Prize award in the 30 Minute Network or Syndicated Television category.
Publication obituaries of Jump's death highlighted his role in "The Bicycle Man," the "Los Angeles Times" describing it as a "daring career turn" and "Reason" his "most notorious turn."
Scenes from the episode have made lists of best moments from the series by publications such as "Entertainment Weekly" and "The Daily Beast".
Peter Hartlaub of the "San Francisco Chronicle" ranked it the third best very special episode in 2009; and it topped both "Mental Floss"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s list of best very special episodes and MeTV's ranking of the best very special episodes from "Diff'rent Strokes".
In 2008, it was one of "Esquire"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s "Five Most Very Special Episodes from 1980s Sitcoms."
Greg Wyshynski named the very special episodes of "Diff'rent Strokes" his favorite from the show, including "The Bicycle Man."
Mark A. Robinson, writer of "Sitcommentary: Television Comedies That Changed America", claimed "The Bicycle Man" was "a haunting episode of sitcom television, bearing a gravitas that shaped the minds of many children of making safe choices."
Concluded writer Bill Simmons, "I can't imagine any sitcom ever went to a darker place.
And no, I have never forgiven Gordon Jump for what he did to Dudley."
"These scenes have the Very Special Episode’s uniquely cringe-worthy meld of earnest edutainment and laugh-track yuks.
But I’ve never seen one that actually dramatizes a child molester seducing a child with a banana split," opined "Vulture"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Emily Nussbaum in 2010.
"The Bicycle Man" has been featured on publication lists of dark television moments, some of them uncomforted by its inappropriate use of jokes and canned laughter for the subject of the story.
"Esquire" claimed the cartoon porn sequence "wasn't just risqué for primetime television; this is risqué even by niche Internet porn standards."
Zack Furness, a writer and scholar of bicycle culture, noted that bicyclists had a stereotype of being "sexually bizarre," which he partially attributed to "The Bicycle Man."
Cinefamily's 2011 event "TV Tuesday: A Very Special Episode Returns" presented "The Bicycle Man" among other notable very special episodes.
The scene of the detective differentiating homosexuals and pedophiles is featured in the documentary film "An Open Secret" (2015).
1930 Australian Championships – Men's Doubles
The first-seeds Jack Crawford and Harry Hopman successfully defended their title by defeating Tim Fitchett and Jack Hawkes 8–6, 6–1, 2–6, 6–3 in the final, to win the Men's Doubles tennis title at the 1930 Australian Championships.
In order to eliminate byes the council of L.T.A.A.
decided that in case of events for which there were more than the number of entries acceptable, a preliminary elimination tournament should be played.
Eliminating matches were played on Saturday, 18 January:
Source for seedings
Sorgraw Petchyindee
Sorgraw Petchyindee Academy (เซราะกราว เพชรยินดีอคาดีมี่) is a Muay Thai fighter.
Tony Wisniewski
Tony Wisniewski is an American politician and Manufacturing Engineer from Idaho.
Wisniewski is a Republican member of Idaho House of Representatives for District 3, seat B.
On April 19, 1951, Wisniewski was born in Los Angeles, California.
In 1973, Wisniewski earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Utah State University.
In 1988, Wisniewski became a Principal Manufacturing Engineer for Digital Equipment Corporation, until 1996.
In 1996, Wisniewski became a Senior Manufacturing Engineer with Esterline Advanced Input Systems, until 2000.
In 2000, Wisniewski became a Senior Manufacturing Engineer for Telect.
In 2001, Wisniewski became a Manufacturing Engineer for Hotstart Incorporated, until 2017.
On November 2018, Wisniewski won the election and became a Republican member of Idaho House of Representatives for District 3, seat B. Wisniewski defeated Dan Hanks with 70.8% of the votes.
Wisniewski's wife is Melody Wisniewski.
They have five children.
Wisniewski and his family live in Post Falls, Idaho.
Xiang Jinwu
Xiang Jinwu (; born February 1964) is a Chinese engineer and professor at Beihang University.
Xiang was born in Pingjiang County, Hunan, in February 1964.
He secondary studied at Xiangyin No.1 High School.
After graduating from Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics in 1984, he became a designer at China Helicopter Design and Research Institute.
He received his master's degree in mechanics from Northwestern Polytechnical University in 1990 and doctor's degree from Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics in 1993, respectively.
he was a postdoctoral fellow at Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics between 1993 and 1995.
He joined the faculty of Beihang University in 1995.
He was the chief designer of "Long Eagle" nmanned aerial vehicle (UAV).
Gusen concentration camp
Gusen was a subcamp of Mauthausen concentration camp operated by the SS () between the villages of Sankt Georgen an der Gusen and Langestein in the Reichsgau Ostmark (currently Perg District, Upper Austria).
Primarily populated by Polish prisoners, there were also large numbers of Spanish Republicans, Soviet citizens, and Italians.
Initially, prisoners worked in nearby quarries, producing granite which was sold by the SS company DEST.
Conditions were worse than at the Mauthausen main camp due to the camp's purpose of extermination through labor of real and perceived enemies of Nazi Germany.
The life expectancy of prisoners was as short as six months, and at least 35,000 people died there from forced labor, starvation, and mass executions.
From 1943, the camp was an important center of armaments production for Messerschmitt and Steyr-Daimler-Puch.
In order to expand armaments production, the camp was redesignated Gusen I, and additional camps, Gusen II and Gusen III, were built.
Prisoners were forced to construct vast underground factories, the main one being the , intended for the production of Messerschmitt 262 jet fighter aircraft.
Nearly a thousand fuselages were produced there by the war's end.
The camp was liberated by the United States 11th Armored Division early in the morning of 5 May, 1945.
During the chaos of liberation, a number of former kapos were killed.
After the war, some SS personnel and kapos were tried for their crimes, although most went unpunished.
The site was redeveloped into a privately owned village, although there is a small museum run by the Austrian government.
Following World War I, the Austro-Hungarian Empire was broken up.
Most Austrians wanted a union with Germany, but the Allied victors forbade a plebiscite from being held and forced the new country to change its name from "Republic of German-Austria" to "Republic of Austria".
On 13 March 1938, Austria was annexed by Nazi Germany in the ; German forces were greeted by enthusiastic crowds.
Immediately afterwards, a reign of terror began against anti-Nazis, Jews, and Austrians mistaken for Jews.
The Gestapo established an office in Vienna two days later.
Hundreds were arrested and deported to Dachau concentration camp.
The site of Mauthausen concentration camp was chosen in May 1938 by an SS delegation including Theodor Eicke and Oswald Pohl.
Along with Flossenbürg concentration camp, its purpose was to quarry granite for Nazi architectural projects.
The concentration camp, located on a plateau near Mauthausen, from Linz, was officially established in August.
By the end of next month, prisoners from Dachau had finished the barracks for prisoners and the SS.
The quarries, one of which was located near the village of Sankt Georgen an der Gusen on land partly purchased and partly leased from firm, were controlled by the SS enterprise DEST.
The first and largest subcamp of Mauthausen, Gusen began in December 1939 with a work detail of 10 or 12 German and Austrian prisoners who were assigned to build barracks adjacent to the Gusen quarry, about from Mauthausen.
The camp was built to increase the productivity of workers at the quarry just north of the site, who otherwise had to walk from the Mauthausen main camp and back again, reducing their productive hours.
Of all the quarries near Mauthausen, Gusen produced most of the architectural quality granite; it also produced freestone, paving stone, and gravel which was sold by DEST.
By January, the number of prisoners on the detail had increased to 400.
The prisoners were not given coats or gloves, and were not allowed to access the fires lit by kapos and SS guards.
About 1,800 Mauthausen prisoners died between December and April, many of them while working on the construction details at Gusen.
The camp was officially opened on 25 May 1940, when the first prisoners and guards moved in.
The camp was directly adjacent to the road between Sankt Georgen an der Gusen and nearby Langenstein; former prisoners recalled Austrian children passing by on the way to school.
Until the camp wall was completed, passerby had a full view of what was happening in the camp.
Conditions in Gusen were worse than at Mauthausen main camp.
In 1940 and 1941, the average life expectancy was six months, and the average weight of prisoners in 1940–1942 was .
The main purpose of the camp was extermination through labor of real and perceived political enemies of the Reich, rather than exploitation of their economic potential through slave labor, so mortality rates were higher than at most concentration camps.
One group of prisoners would die, but the number was maintained due to transports of incoming prisoners.
Work in the quarries, which was specifically intended to cause the death of prisoners, continued until the end of the war despite the opening of war production.
Prisoners faced starvation rations, forced labor, and beatings by guards and kapos, while being denied basic sanitary facilities.
The camp for prisoner accommodations was a rectangle, which covered and had 32 prisoner barracks, was surrounded by a barbed-wire fence.
Its intended capacity of 4,000 to 5,000 prisoners was soon exceeded.
Twice a day, prisoners were counted at the roll-call plaza at the eastern end of the camp.
Growth of the camp was fueled by the Gusen, Kastenhof, and Pierbauer quarries, whose stone was in demand throughout Austria.
Commandants of Gusen reported directly to Mauthausen commandant Franz Ziereis.
The first commandant was Anton Streitwieser, who was dismissed in May 1940 for running an unauthorized pig farm and feeding the pigs with rations siphoned from the supply intended for prisoners.
From 25 May 1940 to October 1942 or January 1943, the SS commandant was Karl Chmielewski, who had been a member of the SS since 1932 and the camp SS since 1935.
Often drunk, he personally beat, kicked, whipped, and killed prisoners.
During Chmielewski's rule, one half of prisoners died.
From October 1942 until the end of the war, Friedrich August Seidler was the commandant.
Seidler preferred "Prussian-style" brutality instead of his predecessor's indiscriminate style.
Until 1943, Gusen was run more of a branch of the main camp than as a subcamp, although it had separate administrative departments, such as Political Department.
Initially, the watchtowers, equipped with machine guns and searchlights, were made of wood; later they were replaced by granite.
In addition to the barbed-wire fence, an additional stone wall high was built around it in 1941; patrols of guards went between the barriers.
A third fence, of barbed wire, was added to encircle the entire camp complex, including external factories and quarries.
The SS had a separate complex for its own barracks, located outside of the prisoner camp.
In February 1940, there were about 600 SS guards (one for each ten prisoners).
This later increased to 2,000, and 3,000 by 1944.
They belonged to four Camp SS companies, part of .
In early 1945, many were drafted into the and were replaced by Viennese firemen, former Wehrmacht personnel, and militiamen.
Nazi human experimentation took place at Gusen, including surgical and tuberculosis experiments.
SS physician Helmut Vetter, who arrived in 1944, conducted the tuberculosis experiments by injecting the lungs of healthy prisoners with phlegmonic pus.
The victims were then forced to run until they collapsed, at which point they were killed by benzene injection to the lungs, which prolonged death.
Most of the prisoner functionaries, especially block leaders, were German criminal prisoners.
Some kapos were notorious for their brutality, including Wolf, a German who executed prisoners by hanging and stamped on the bodies, and the Spaniards Asturias, Félix Domingo, Indalecio González González, Losa, Tomás, and a man called "el Negro".
The Austrian kapo Rudolf Fiegl participated in gassing inmates.
On Sundays, football teams played on the for SS amusement.
Participants were rewarded with extra rations.
In 1942, a Nazi camp brothel opened at the camp in order to reduce the number of prisoner functionaries who were tempted to coerce young male inmates into sex.
At the brothel ten women, all considered "Aryan", were coerced into offering sex in exchange for a false promise of their freedom.
Most of them were drafted into a women's Waffen-SS unit in March 1945.
Some prisoners, no longer capable of hard labor, were sent from Mauthausen to Gusen in order to be killed.
At Gusen, the SS forced arriving prisoners to run in order to test their fitness.
Those unable to perform the task to SS satisfaction were immediately killed, a fate that befell 3,000 of the first 10,000 prisoners sent to Gusen.
Because they were never registered, these prisoners were not included in the official death statistics.
After two Polish prisoners, Victor Lukawski and Franc Kapacki, escaped on 13 August 1940, the eight hundred prisoners in their work detail had to run carrying rocks and were beaten by SS guards.
Later, they had to stand at attention all night without food.
Fourteen Polish prisoners died and so did Lukawski and Kapacki, who were beaten to death a few days later after being caught.
The Gusen crematorium, built by Topf and Sons and in use since late 1941, was under the command of Karl Wassner.
Either Chmielewski or invented a new execution method called (death baths).
Prisoners unable to work and others the SS wanted to kill were forced to stand under cold showers until they died, which could take twenty minutes to two hours.
The drains were blocked and those who tried to avoid the water were drowned.
Afterwards, falsified causes of death were entered into the official record.
This execution method was only used at Gusen, and was considered inefficient by SS actuaries.
During winter, prisoners were stripped naked and forced to stand outside of Block 32 at night in groups of 150.
Typically, half would die before morning and the rest would die the next day.
According to the official records, 27,842 people died at Gusen.
The actual number is believed to be at least 35,000 or more than 37,000.
During the final months of the war, an improvised gas chamber was devised at Gusen in a crudely converted barracks.
About 800 prisoners died there and additional prisoners were transported to Mauthausen to be gassed.
In April 1945, 800 prisoners were beaten to death in Gusen II and transported to Gusen I for cremation.
Many prisoners who died had their cause of death listed as "heart failure", "blood circulation deficiency", "intestinal ulcer", or other fictitious causes.
For most of its history (except 1940 and 1943), there were more prisoners in Gusen than in the main camp.
Gusen was initially designated as a "reeducation camp" for Polish members of the intelligentsia.
The first transport of Polish prisoners arrived the same day that the camp officially opened.
By the end of 1940, eight thousand Poles had been transported to the subcamp and 1,500 had already died.
The first transport of Republican veterans of the Spanish Civil War arrived on 24 January 1941, and the 3846 Spaniards made up most of the arrivals in the first half of 1941.
Despite being targeted for excessive punishment by the SS guards—sixty percent died by the end of 1941, mostly in the quarries—the Spanish prisoners gained a reputation for solidarity.
Only 444 Spaniards were still alive by 1944.
In mid-1941, when "Aktion T4" personnel arrived at the camp, most of the prisoners were Poles and Spaniards.
Those unable to work were selected for death by T4 staff.
In 1941 many Dutch Jews were deported to Mauthausen.
None survived.
In September 1943, the first Italian prisoners arrived at the camp, where they faced a very high mortality rate.
Later in the war, French prisoners were sent to the camp under the Nacht und Nebel decree; some Allied aircrew shot down nearby were also imprisoned at the camp.
Gusen II, established in 1944, had mostly Soviet and Italian prisoners.
The SS encouraged animosity between prisoners of different nationalities.
There were no significant resistance groups in Gusen.
In 1945, some German and Austrian criminal prisoners were freed by volunteering for the Waffen-SS.
From 1943, the purpose of the camp was switched from quarrying to armaments production in vast underground factories, to protect the industrial output from Allied bombing.
Work on the tunnels was begun by the Kellerbau Kommando at the original Gusen camp, which had a high mortality rate.
The tunnels at Gusen were initially used for the production of Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighter aircraft.
The work took on new urgency after the bombing of the Messerschmitt plant in Regensburg on 17 August 1943.
Afterwards, 35 per cent of fighter production derived from Gusen and Flossenbürg.
By July 1944, 4,000 Gusen prisoners were working on aircraft production, and 77 trainloads of aircraft parts were exported each month.
Other prisoners produced rifles, machine guns, and airplane motors for Steyr-Daimler-Puch AG in 16 large warehouses northeast of the original Gusen camp.
In the tunnels, prisoners were supervised by Messerschmitt employees (engineers, foremen and skilled workers) who were forbidden to discuss the project with anyone on pain of death.
In January 1944, engineer Karl Fiebinger's plans called for of underground floor space in the tunnels (also known as B8 and "Esche 2"), equivalent to , stretching for ; the entrance was northwest of the camp.
The space was to serve as an underground factory for Messerschmitt 262 jet fighter aircraft, sufficient to produce 1,250 fuselages per month along with the entire slat production necessary.
Work began on the tunnels in March 1945 and was never completed.
Nevertheless, aircraft production began in early 1945 and before 1 May, 987 fuselages were built.
Most of the manufacturing work, including quality control, was done by prisoners, employed by Messerschmitt via the SS company DEST.
During air raids, Austrian civilians were ordered into the tunnels and were separated from the prisoners only by a wooden partition.
Prisoners who worked on arms production needed skills to be effective at their jobs and were therefore less replaceable.
Constructing and expanding the tunnels, and speed of construction was valued much higher than prisoners' lives, which had "disastrous" consequences for the prisoners.
At first, prisoners had to walk to the Bergkristall, but later a purpose-built railway transported 100 prisoners per cattle car.
Prisoners worked for a week in the day shift, and the next week in the night shift.
They had to spend up to 14 hours a day in transit or in the tunnels, where the dust was so thick that they had to use headlamps to use pneumatic drills.
They were quickly worn out by the dust and lack of oxygen such that 100 died in the tunnels each day.
In 1944, two subcamps of Gusen opened and the main camp was redesignated "Gusen I".
Gusen II, which opened on 9 March, was close to the main camp, separated only by a potato field, and also located on the St. Georgen road.
Its prisoners—a planned 10,000—were dedicated to arms construction at the Bergkristall; others worked for Steyr-Daimler-Puch.
At Gusen II, many of the personnel were Luftwaffe guards, numbering 2,000 by the war's end.
One of the main commandos, Bergkristall-Fertigung, worked for the Luftwaffe while the other, Bergkristall-Bau, for the SS.
By the end of 1944, there were 12,000 prisoners at Gusen II.
Gusen III was north, near Lungitz; its 260 prisoners worked in a nearby brick factory and in manufacturing parts for Messerschmitt, in barracks rather than tunnels.
Some also worked on a project to connect Lungitz to St. Georgen by tunnel.
According to testimony, conditions at Gusen III were even worse than the other two subcamps.
Both subcamps were under the command of .
Despite the efforts of a dedicated counter-intelligence unit, reports of aircraft production at Gusen II were received by United States intelligence from the Austrian resistance on 3 December 1944.
In late January 1944, there were 7,312 prisoners which increased to 20,487 by 4 May 1945.
About 4,000 Warsaw Uprising detainees were sent to Gusen in late 1944 and additional prisoners arrived due to the evacuation of concentration camps in early 1945 as Allied armies approached.
By the end of March, there were about 24,000 prisoners in the three Gusen camps.
In April, additional prisoners were transferred to Gusen from subcamps closer to the front line.
Many prisoners had become (emaciated), many suffered from typhus, dysentery, tuberculosis, or pneumonia, and some lacked clothes.
Overcrowding meant that there were three people to a bunk, and conditions were even worse in Block 31, where those suffering from dysentery were thrown on the floor and denied food.
In April 1945, Ziereis contemplated murdering the 40,000 prisoners at Gusen by trapping them in the tunnels and detonating them with dynamite.
He passed the order on to Seidler and an ammunition depot was set up nearby by 28 April.
Two of the five entrances of the Sandkeller tunnels at Gusen I were walled off and explosives placed at the entrances of the Kellerbau and Bergkristal tunnels.
This "murderous brainstorming", in the words of historian Daniel Blatman, was never carried out due to the collapse of Nazi authority.
Individual SS members began to desert in large numbers on the night of 2–3 May.
More SS left the camp in groups on 3 May 1945, with the pretext of fighting the Soviet army, although most, in fact, hid in the surrounding woods and hills.
Over the next day, the prisoners gradually realized that they were free; able-bodied prisoners left the camp.
Most of the SS had left by the time elements of the United States 11th Armored Division arrived in the early morning of 5 May.
Staff Sergeant Albert J. Kosiek, in charge of a platoon in the 41st Cavalry Squadron, was ordered to investigate a suspected enemy strongpoint near Mauthausen, and to check the bridge near Gusen which was intended to be used by American tanks.
He first reached Gusen III, where the newly recruited guards, formerly firemen from Vienna, were very willing to surrender.
Only two American soldiers were left behind to escort them to the American brigade's headquarters.
North of St. Georgen, Kosiek encountered a Red Cross representative who told him that there was a concentration camp at Mauthausen and 400 SS who wanted to surrender.
Because he did not have enough men to accept the SS surrender, Kosiek tested the bridge and bypassed Gusen II and Gusen I on the way to Mauthausen.
Over the next twenty-four hours, the remaining SS burned all documents relating to the Messerschmitt 262 in the Gusen crematorium.
Kosiek accepted the surrender of the 800 SS at Gusen while returning to headquarters the next day.
More American forces arrived at Gusen later the same day.
They found a situation of complete chaos, as prisoners killed each other with weapons abandoned by the fleeing SS.
Many of the sickest prisoners had been sealed in barracks without food or water; when the American soldiers opened them it was rare to find more than one or two still alive.
A group of kapos responsible for atrocities barricaded themselves in Block 32.
Some committed suicide while others were torn apart by the mob.
Following the liberation, some former kapos were killed by surviving inmates.
Although German-speaking prisoners who had angered the numerically dominant Poles were at most risk of lynching, most prisoners were more interested in obtaining food than revenge, and most kapos escaped unmolested and were never held to account for their crimes.
Russian and Polish prisoners attacked each other and had to be forcibly separated.
In the next several weeks, local Austrians lived in fear of renegade SS, bands of maurading kapos, and former prisoners.
On 8 May, Nazi party members were ordered to bury the dead in the potato field between Gusen I and II while local citizens were forced to watch.
On 27 July 1945, American troops retreated from the area according to the Yalta Agreement, taking with them all the unfinished aircraft from the tunnels.
The remaining prisoners who were too weak to move were put in the charge of the Soviet occupation forces.
At least 16 former guards and kapos were convicted during the Mauthausen Trial at Dachau.
Former kapo Rudolf Fiegl was convicted, sentenced to death, and hanged for gassing prisoners, as was the SS doctor Vetter.
Chmielewski escaped the first trial and lived in Austria under false papers.
In 1956 he was recognized and arrested.
Following a 1961 trial in which he was convicted of 282 murders, he was sentenced to life in prison.
Jentsch, involved in the "death baths", was arrested in West Germany, tried in Hagen in 1967, convicted, and sentenced to life in prison.
More than 70 criminal investigations were opened by West German prosecutors.
The former site of Gusen I and II was redeveloped into a village and most of the concentration camp buildings were demolished.
, the Poschacher quarry adjacent to Gusen I was still in use, the former tunnels are privately owned and not open to the public, as is the entrance to Gusen I.
The memorial at Gusen, privately built, was acquired by the government in 1997 which has since maintained it and also built a small museum nearby in 2004.
In the 2010s, local municipalities around Mauthausen and Gusen set up a ("consciousness region") in order to promote preservation and restoration of the sites.
In 2013, two archaeologists conducted rescue archaeology at the former Gusen crematorium.
In late 2019 and early 2020, the Polish government suggested that the Gusen village should be bought and additional efforts made to commemorate the victims of the camp.
In January 2020, the Austrian government announced that it was setting aside EU€2 million (USD$2.2 million) to that end.
Bad Ragaz railway station
Bad Ragaz railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Bad Ragaz, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Chur–Rorschach line and is served by local and regional trains.
The following regional services call at Bad Ragaz:
Bad Ragaz is served by the S12 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Jane Sexton
Jane Sexton (born 11 August 1978) is a former Australian freestyle skier who represented Australia at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Sexton competed internationally in moguls from age 19, first at Valmeinier, France in the European cup in 1998 and then in Switzerland and Germany the following year.
Her first world cup appearance was in November 1999 at Tandadalen in Sweden where she finished 29th.
In the same season she competed in world cup events in Canada and the USA.
In the 2000–01 season she competed in world cup events in France, Canada, the USA and Japan, while in 2001 she competed in the world ski championships in Whistler, Canada in 2001.
Sexton competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in women's moguls, finishing in 25th place.
After the Olympics, Sexton continued to compete nationally and internationally until August 2004.
Sexton married Michael Butko and has three children.
TransLatina Coalition
The TransLatina Coalition, stylized as the TransLatin@ Coalition, is a national, Los Angeles-based 501(c)(3) nonprofit public charity advocacy group that works on behalf of transgender Latina women who are immigrants to the United States.
It established and runs the Center for Violence Prevention and Transgender Wellness and works with policymakers and organizations to advance advocacy and resource support for transgender Latinas.
Its staff consists of leaders from across the United States who have specific experience in meeting the needs of transgender Latinas intersecting with public health, education, and social justice, with representation in over 11 U.S. states, Washington D.C., and Mexico City, with over seven organized chapters.
The TransLatina Coalition began as a radical grassroots organization, founded by Bamby Salcedo and formed in collaboration with other trans activists and leaders in 2009.
Salcedo had been on the organizing committee for a statewide conference, and had request from the leadership a room in which to assemble other trans activists.
("Loose Accents" podcast; Season 2, Episode 4; 28:30) This launched conversations which inspired Salcedo to once again organize fellow trans women when she was invited to be a keynote speaker at a national conference.
("Loose Accents" podcast; Season 2, Episode 4; 29:10) The meetings were foundational for the organization, as the conversations affirmed that basic needs among trans women were not being met, from food and shelter to clothing, employment opportunities, and ability to travel.
Hence the organization transitioned from solely radical grassroots action into direct service provision for the trans Latina community.
("Loose Accents" podcast; Season 2, Episode 4; 30:12, 30:43)
Also in 2009, Salcedo began collaborating with University of Minnesota doctoral candidate, Karla M. Padrón, on her dissertation, "Legal Injuries: Deportability and U.S. Immigration Policy in the Lives of TransLatina Immigrants", which centered trans experience in the investigation of topics including labor, migration, and gender narratives, and was which was published in 2015.
This would be just one of the TransLatina Coalition's creation of studies and reports throughout their history, and would set the stage for their social justice work and political activism, including the report "TransVisible: Transgender Latina Immigrants in U.S.
Society.".
It also set the groundwork for the 2013 documentary about Salcedo's life, "Transvisible: The Bamby Salcedo Story".
In the early 2010s, word surfaced that the organization aimed to create a "one-stop" trans wellness center, seeking backing from the L.A. County Board of Supervisors.
In January 2016, the organization received its first grant, which supported reentry services for trans women released from immigration detention.
Also in 2016, the coalition released a report on trans health, “The State of Trans Health: Trans Latin@s and their Healthcare Needs.” The same year, the Elton John AIDS Foundation sponsored the coalition's Surviving People Unveiling Knowledge (SPUNK) program with a $125,000 grant.
The grant helped further the SPUNK program's mission to support transgender women recently released from incarceration and immigration detention centers by way of individualized peer-led navigation through legal, housing, and healthcare systems.
It also helped SPUNK to offer trans women financial assistance, from housing, food vouchers, and public transit passes to life skills workshops, political advocacy and public speaking courses, sex education, and HIV/AIDS prevention education workshops.
The Arcus Foundation also gave the TransLatina Coalition a grant in 2016 to support the organization in its mission of fostering transgender justice.
In 2017, Bamby Salcedo, President and CEO of the TransLatina Coalition, was selected as a recipient of an Arcus Leadership Fellowship.
Salcedo was one of 12 executive directors chosen for the 18-month-long professional development position.
On Feb. 1, 2017, the organization was able to open the Center for Violence Prevention and Transgender Wellness.
The center's opening was funded through a $1 million annual grant from the L.A. County Department of Public Health, with funds allocated to span between three and five years.
It was also made possible through further funding from the Elton John AIDS Foundation and partnerships with APAIT (Asian Pacific AIDS Intervention Team), Bienestar, the Los Angeles Children's Hospital, Friends Community Center, and the Los Angeles LGBT Center.
The same year, the City of Los Angeles Workforce Investment Board sponsored the coalition's trans workforce assessment as well as their workforce development innovation program.
The city body had previously allotted, through their AB 1111: Breaking Barriers to Employment Initiative Grant Program, a grant of $249,745.50 toward the TransLatina Coalition and the Los Angeles LGBT Center to boost employment services created for trans people in need.
In June 2017, the TransLatina Coalition once again became a grant recipient of the Arcus Foundation, whose selections would give special focus to "creating a response to conservative religious voices and anti-LGBT discrimination, with a particular focus on the continent of Africa."
Additionally, the State of California Office of Emergency Services sponsored the TransLatina Coalition's Trans POWER initiative.
Another initiative that received sponsorship was the coalition's Be DOWN leadership development program in Washington, D.C., this time made possible through AIDS United's Fund for Resilience, Equity, and Engagement (FREE).
In 2019, Gilead Sciences selected the TransLatina Coalition as one of 15 transgender advocacy organizations among which it would distribute its TRANScend™ Community Impact Fund, a $4.5 million donation.
The funds, a direct service grant, was a $100,000 grant to benefit the TransLatina Coalition's Helping Our People Evolve (HOPE) Housing Program, a transitional housing program which intersects with the objective of HIV prevention.
In November 2019, the coalition was honored as a Gender Justice Champion at Celebrating Our Power, a gala hosted by The Women's Foundation of California, at which Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti deliver one of two keynote addresses.
As of 2020, the coalition's services include but are not limited to leadership development, ESL classes, daily food distribution, and support to trans immigrants who have been detained by immigration enforcement.
The coalition is represented in over 11 U.S. states, Washington D.C., and Mexico City and includes over seven organized chapters.
Cities, states, and municipalities in participation include Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Houston, Texas; Atlanta, Georgia; Tucson, Arizona; Chicago, Illinois; New York, New York; and North Carolina.
The organization's services are considered activism in action, though the organization partakes in targeted instances of activism, such as unfurling a 15'x20', 300-square-foot trans rights banner at the 2018 World Series, which received national coverage from major news outlets; facilitating a week-long protest and year-long campaign, along with the National Immigrant Justice Center, to pressure ICE to free a trans Salvadoran asylum-seeker named Alejandra Barrera from Cibola Detention Facility, where she had been unduly held for almost two years; participating in the Transgender Law Center's #FreeNicoll, a campaign to release Guatemalan asylum-seeker Nicoll Hernández-Polanco from undue detention in an all-male facility; representing the trans community at the Women's March in Washington, D.C; lobbying the media for accurate coverage of transgender stories; protesting against violence exacted upon trans people; disrupting trans-exclusionary CNN and Human Rights Campaign Town Hall meetings, staging die-ins, and more.
In 2019, the coalition engaged in direct activism in partnership with the Transgender Resource Center of New Mexico "to help connect individuals to legal advice and social services while in detention, and coordinate post-release assistance, including housing, hot meals, transportation, and clothing."
Abu al-Thana' al-Lamishi
Abu al-Thana' Mahmud b. Zayd al-Lamishi () was a Hanafi-Maturidi scholar from Transoxiana, who was alive in the late 5th and early 6th Islamic centuries.
Very little is known about his life.
Despite the value of his books, is not known for his publications and the books of tabaqat do not give much detail regarding his life.
He was from a place called Lamish in Fergana (Uzbekistan), and was known as Shaykh al-Islam.
His date of birth is unknown, but it was reported that he was alive in 539 AH.
It is sometimes assumed that he was a student of Imam Abu al-Mu'in al-Nasafi, though this is not known for sure.
He has quoted some sayings from Tabsirat al-Adilla by Abu al-Mu'in al-Nasafi (d. 508/1115).
His published books include:
His date of death is uncertain, but some reported that he died at the age of 81 during the month of Ramadan 522 A.H. (1128 A.C.).
But this is unlikely, because he was alive in 539 AH.
Another, more likely, date for his death is given as in the early sixth century A.H./twelfth century C.E., which would make more sense.
Maienfeld railway station
Maienfeld railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of Maienfeld, in the Swiss canton of Grisons.
It is an intermediate stop on the Chur–Rorschach line and is served by local trains only.
Maienfeld is served by the S12 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
List of largest power stations in Canada
This article lists the largest electrical generating stations in Canada in terms of current installed electrical capacity.
Non-renewable power stations are those that run on coal, fuel oils, nuclear, natural gas, oil shale and peat, while renewable power stations run on fuel sources such as biomass, geothermal heat, hydro, solar energy, solar heat, tides, waves and the wind.
As of 2020 the largest power generating facility is the Bruce Nuclear Generating Station in Ontario and has an installed capacity of 6,430 MW.
List of the electrical generating facilities in Canada with a current installed capacity of at least 250 MW.
List of the electrical generating facilities under construction in Canada with an expected installed capacity of at least 250 MW.
List of former electrical generating facilities in Canada that had an installed capacity of at least 250 MW at the time of their decommissioning.
Only facilities that have permanently shut down all of their electricity generating units are included.
Xiang Changle
Xiang Changle (; born April 1963) is a Chinese engineer currently serving as vice-president and executive deputy secretary of Beijing Institute of Technology.
Xiang was born in Lu'an, Anhui, in April 1963.
He earned his bachelor's degree in 1984, a master's degree in 1987, and a doctor's degree in 2001, all from Beijing Institute of Technology.
He was a visiting scholar in the United States between 1999 and 2000.
In November 2014 he was promoted to vice-president of Beijing Institute of Technology.
In June 2016, he became secretary of China Association for Science and Technology.
On November 8, 2019, he was appointed executive deputy secretary of the university.
List of Billboard Indonesia Top 100 number-one singles of 2020
The "Billboard" Indonesia Top 100 is a music chart that ranks the best-performing Indonesian language and/or English-Indonesian language songs in Indonesia.
Its data, compiled by Nielsen and ASIRI and published by "Billboard Indonesia", is based collectively on each song's weekly digital sales, the amount of airplay received on Indonesian radio stations and TV and streaming on online digital music outlets, as well as the amount of play received on Indonesian karaoke establishment.
Irina Kalyanova
Irina Kalyanova is a Russian Paralympic judoka.
She represented Russia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and she won two medals: a bronze medal both in the women's +70 kg event in 2008 and in the women's +70 kg event in 2012.
At the 2015 IBSA European Judo Championships she won the bronze medal in the women's +70 kg event.
Parlett, Ohio
Parlett is an unincorporated community in Wayne Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located southeast of Hopedale and just east of Cherry Valley at the intersection of Ohio State Route 151 and Township Road 142A, at .
As of 1909, there was already a coal mine in operation here called the Wabash Mine owned by the Wabash Coal Company of Cleveland, with 76 employees.
By 1915, the mine had been renamed the Netta Mine and it was owned by the Netta Coal Company, also of Cleveland, with 84 employees working.
The Wabash Railroad maintained a station here for loading the coal.
In 1921, there was a 300-ton steam shovel operating at the mine that had "been there for a considerable time", owned by the Wayne Coal Company.
The Parlett Post Office was established on March 26, 1906 and discontinued on January 14, 1928.
Mail service is now handled through the Cadiz branch.
1987 Claxton Shield
The 1987 Claxton Shield was the 48th annual Claxton Shield.
The participants were South Australia, New South Wales Patriots, Victoria Aces, Western Australia, Queensland Rams and Northern Territory.
The series was won by Queensland, who took a 17–3 record into the final against Western Australia, before claiming their third title.
Peter Vogler was named the MVP of the Finals Series against WA
During the Shield, the Buffaloes won their first (and only) game against South Australia.
The Helms Award was given to a seventeen year old Dave Nilsson of Queensland, who signed with the Milwaukee Brewers early in 1987 and would go on to be an MLB All-Star.
Viktoriya Potapova
Viktoriya Potapova is a Russian Paralympic judoka.
She represented Russia at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
She won a bronze medal on each occasion: in the women's 48 kg event in 2004, in the women's 48 kg event in 2008 and in the women's 48 kg event in 2012.
At the 2015 IBSA European Judo Championships she won the gold medal in the women's 48 kg event.
Xiao Longxu
Xiao Longxu (; born June 1962) is a Chinese engineer and professor and chief designer at the Research Institute of People's Liberation Army Rocket Force.
He is a member of the Communist Party of China.
Xiao was born in Shouguang, Shandong, in June 1962.
He took the National College Entrance Examination after grade ten, and earned the highest marks in his county.
In 2001, he was exempted from master's degree studies and directly admitted to Tsinghua University's doctoral program.
RocKabul
RocKabul is a documentary film that was produced between 2009 and 2016 in Afghanistan by Australian filmmaker Travis Beard.
The film had its world premiere at the 2018 Rotterdam International Film Festival.
It has been featured in over 40 film festivals, and had a limited cinema release within Australia in 2019.
Bill Gould from the American alternative metal band Faith No More is an Executive Producer on the film and describes it as “A coming of age documentary which deals with youth identity and freedom of expression”
The film was generally very well-received critically.
it has an overall rating of 7.7/10 on review aggregator website IMDB.com.
The Australian website The Curb described it as "A respectful, powerful, entertaining, informative, engaging documentary that kicks ass."
"RocKabul" has been featured in some of the biggest music magazines such as Rolling Stone, Metal Hammer,and Kerrang.
The film was funded by the US State Dept under the Public Diplomacy Grant Initiative at the US Embassy in Kabul and Screen Australia.
"RocKabul" had its world premiere at the 2018 Rotterdam International Film Festival and its Australian premiere at Sydney Film Festival.
Komodo Armament P1-95
Komodo Armament P1-95 is a 9x19 mm pistol manufactured by PT.
Komodo Armament Indonesia.
It is designed for military and law enforcement use.
The pistol frame is made from polymer material for light weight.
The manufacturer offered several size variant of the slide, barrel and slide length to cover the different grip needs and change the overall pistol dimension.
Earl Forest
Earl Forest (December 1, 1926 – February 26, 2003) was an American musician and a member of the Memphis-based R&B coalition called the Beale Streeters, which included Johnny Ace, Bobby Bland, Junior Parker, B.B.
King, and Roscoe Gordon.
Forest had a hit record in 1953 with "Whoopin' And Hollerin'" on Duke Records.
He also recorded for Meteor Records and Flair Records.
Forest was born in Memphis, Tennessee on December 1, 1926.
By the late 1940's Forest was part of the network of musicians performing around Beale Street known as the Beale Streeters.
These musicians included Johnny Ace, Bobby Bland, Junior Parker, B.B.
King, and Roscoe Gordon.
They weren't a formal band, but they played at the same venues and backed each other during recording sessions.
Scout and program director of WDIA, David James Mattis, would attend local shows and have musicians perform live at the radio station.
Forest, pianist John Alexander, and saxophonist Adolph "Billy" Duncan backed B.B King during broadcasts at WDIA.
"I guess you can say this was the first little bitty B.B.
King band," King recalled in his autobiography.
In 1951, Forest backed Bobby Bland on his sessions for Modern Records which produced the single "Crying All Night Long" / "Dry Up Baby."
That session also included musicians Ike Turner on piano, Billy Duncan on tenor saxophone, and Matt Murphy on guitar.
In 1952, WDIA program director David James Mattis founded Duke Records and signed many of the Beale Streeters to the label.
Forest played drums during a session for Bobby Bland at WDIA studios in 1952.
Soon after, Forest recorded his first record, "Whoopin' And Hollerin'," with Johnny Ace on piano.
It reached #7 on the Billboard's R&B chart (Most Played In Juke Boxes) in April 1953.
To capitalize off the success of the record, the Bihari brothers released a single by Forest on their sublabel Meteor Records, credited as Earl (Whoopin' & Hollerin') Forrest.
Later that year, Forest's "Trouble And Me" was issued as a split single with Johnny Ace's "Mid Night Hours Journey" on Flair Records.
Forest continued to record, releasing more singles on Duke Records until the 1960s.
As a songwriter, Forest co-wrote the blues standard "Next Time You See Me" which was recorded by Junior Parker, Frankie Lymon, James Cotton and many others.
He co-wrote "Morning After" by the Mar-Keys, released on Stax Records in 1961.
In the 1980s, Forest recorded with one-time Beale Streeter Bobby Bland, backing him on his 1987 album "Blues You Can Use".
He also co-wrote two songs on that album, "Spending My Life With You" and "For The Last Time."
Forest co-wrote two songs on Little Milton's 1987 album "Movin' To The Country", "Just Because You See Me Smilin'" and "Room 244."
Forest died from cancer at the Memphis Veterans Administration Medical Center on February 26, 2003.
Dario Cirisano
Dario Cirisano (, born 12 June 2001) is a Russian ice dancer.
With his skating partner, Irina Khavronina, he is the 2020 Youth Olympic champion.
Cirisano was born on 12 June 2001 in Crotone, Italy.
He resides in Odintsovo, Russia.
Cirisano began learning to skate as a five-year-old, in 2006.
He began competing in ice dance during the 2016–17 season, skating with Marina Tikhonova.
Their partnership lasted two seasons.
In 2018, Cirisano teamed up with Irina Khavronina.
The two finished 11th at the 2019 Russian Junior Figure Skating Championships.
Khavronina/Cirisano made their international debut in January, at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne, Switzerland.
They ranked first in both segments and outscored fellow Russians Sofya Tyutyunina / Alexander Shustitskiy by 5.48 points to take the gold medal.
"JGP: Junior Grand Prix"
I Was a Prisoner on Devil's Island
I Was a Prisoner on Devil's Island is a 1941 American crime film directed by Lew Landers and written by Karl Brown.
The film stars Sally Eilers, Donald Woods, Eduardo Ciannelli, Victor Kilian, Charles Halton and Dick Curtis.
The film was released on August 4, 1941, by Columbia Pictures.
Gallo (river)
The Gallo is a river in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula, a right-bank tributary of the Tagus.
It joins the Tagus in the latter's upper course.
It has its source in the Sierra del Tremedal, close to the municipality of Orihuela del Tremedal (province of Teruel).
It has a length of 85 km.
The river bends to the north in the settlement of Orihuela del Tremedal and it enters the province of Guadalajara.
It discharges into the Tagus near the San Pedro Bridge.
Ekaterina Buzmakova
Ekaterina Buzmakova is a Russian Paralympic judoka.
She represented Russia at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and she won the bronze medal in the women's 57 kg event in 2004.
Chris Kasabach
Chris Kasabach is the Executive Director of the Watson Foundation.
He was previously a co-founder of BodyMedia, a wearable technology startup that was acquired by Jawbone for $100 million.
Chris Kasabach's work has won several design awards, including two International Design Excellence Awards.
His work has been exhibited by the Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Design Museum.
He also won a Watson Fellowship from the foundation he would later direct.
The Pacific EP
The Pacific EP is the debut extended play (EP) by indie rock band, Holy Holy, released in March 2014.
Liz Elleson from The Brag said "The songwriting is simple but nostalgic and anthemic, and the EP as a whole is densely musical and texturally fascinating."
called the release "Pure quality".
Ally Cole from AAA Backstage said ""The Pacific EP" is a release full of crescendos.
With lyrics covering themes of humanity in the unknown, mortality and divinity, the four songs drive home narratives with building soundtracks of duelling guitars, harmony-riddled vocals and commanding percussion."
Cole said "The strength of Holy Holy can simply be put down to a sheer dedication to craft.
Their songs have a timeless quality, fusing impeccable songwriting, thought-provoking lyrics, near-flawless performances, and lush production."
Oliver Friend from Forte Magazine believes the EP would make many "indie festival fans very happy and excited" and called 'House of Cards' as the standout track.
Alexender Crowden from Beat Magazine said the EP sounded "something like all of the best indie-rock songs of the past two years combined into four tracks" before concluding with ""The Pacific EP" is a creative and enjoyable first step".
The AU review called the EP "brilliant".
Peter Holl
Peter Holl (born 29 January 1955) is a German former professional tennis player.
A native of Cologne, Holl took up the sport of tennis at the age of seven and in 1975 joined the tennis team at Georgia Southern College, where he played for two seasons.
Holl featured in doubles main draws at two editions of the French Open, in 1980 and 1981.
His best performance was a second round appearance in the men's doubles at the 1980 French Open, partnering Tsuyoshi Fukui.
John Llewellyn Jones
John Llewellyn Jones (1866 – 13 December 1927) was an Australian artist and photographer who was associated with the Heidelberg School art movement, also known as Australian impressionism.
Born and raised in Melbourne, Jones studied painting at the National Gallery of Victoria Art School under George Folingsby between 1883 and 1889.
He was an early member of both the Box Hill artists' camp, established in 1885, and the Heidelberg camp, where, alongside Arthur Streeton, Charles Conder and others, he painted the Australian landscape "en plein air" using impressionist techniques.
During this time, he was a member of the Buonarotti Club, one of Melbourne's leading bohemian arts clubs of the mid-1880s.
Streeton gifted a number of his Heidelberg works to Jones, including "Impression for Golden Summer" (1888), the basis of his now-iconic landscape "Golden Summer, Eaglemont" (1889).
Jones went on to lend "Impression for Golden Summer" to the landmark 9 by 5 Impression Exhibition of 1889.
The following year, Jones and Streeton submitted a number of their Heidelberg works to the Victorian Artists Society's winter show, which attracted the attention of Art Gallery of New South Wales trustees on visit from Sydney.
Regarding the pair as "most promising young artists", they purchased both Jones' "The Dry Season" and Streeton's "An Australian Gloaming", making them some of the first Heidelberg School works to enter a public collection.
"The Dry Season" was later included in the 1898 Exhibition of Australian Art in London, among other works by Jones.
Living in Sydney towards the end of his life, Jones continued to paint, mostly in watercolour.
He died at North Sydney Hospital on 13 December 1927 after a brief illness.
While Streeton wrote of him as a significant early proponent of "plein-airism" in Australia, Jones has, compared to other members of the Melbourne "artists' camps", languished in relative obscurity.
Art critic James Stuart MacDonald wrote in 1958:
In 1996, a large collection of Jones' oil paintings and watercolours were discovered and exhibited at the Tweed Regional Gallery.
Titled "John Llewellyn Jones: Australia's Forgotten Painter", the exhibition later toured to other regional galleries.
Llewellyn Loop in the Canberra suburb of Conder is named after Jones.
Wulong bohaiensis
Wulong (meaning "dancing dragon") is a genus of microraptorine dromaeosaurid dinosaurs from the Early Cretaceous (Aptian) Jiufotang Formation of China.
It includes one species, Wulong bohaiensis.
The skeletal remains represent a juvenile.
The holotype specimen of the dinosaur was found by a farmer in the fossil-rich Jiufotang Formation of Liaoning Province, China.
Since then the fossil skeleton has been housed in the collection of the Dalian Natural History Museum in Liaoning.
The skeletal bones were analyzed by Ashley William Poust alongside her former advisor David Varricchio from Montana State University and Dalian paleontologists Chunling Gao, Jianlin Wu, and Fengjiao Zhang.
The long and bony tail of "Wulong bohaiensis" is double its body length.
Its skeleton had hollow bones.
The dinosaur has feathers on its limbs and two long plumes at the end of its tail.
In addition, it has a narrow head that carries thin jaws filled with small and sharp teeth.
It is closely related to "Sinornithosaurus" from the Yixian Formation.
1989 Claxton Shield
The 1989 Claxton Shield was the 50th annual Claxton Shield and the final Shield in its traditional state format before the Australian Baseball League (1989–1999).
The participants were South Australia, New South Wales Patriots, Victoria Aces, Western Australia and Northern Territory with the incumbent back to back champions Queensland absent.
The tournament was held in Sydney over twelve days at Auburn Baseball Club's Oriole Park rather than a home and away series.
The home New South Wales team were champions.
The Helms Award went to Richard Vagg of Victoria.
Stefan Heckmanns
Stefan Heckmanns (born 6 April 1963) is a German former professional tennis player.
A right-handed player from Cologne, Heckmanns began competing professionally in 1987.
Heckmanns featured in the doubles main draw of the 1988 Australian Open, with local player Anthony Spartalis as his partner.
His only Grand Prix/ATP Tour main draw appearance in singles came at the 1988 Bristol Open, as a lucky loser from qualifying.
Van Apshoven family
Van Apshoven or van Apshoven is a Dutch language surname.
It may refer to:
Shakhban Kurbanov
Shakhban Kurbanov is a Russian Paralympic judoka.
He represented Russia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and he won the bronze medal in the men's 73 kg event in 2012.
He won the silver medal in the men's 70 kg event at the 2015 IBSA World Games.
Hugo Rama
Hugo José Rama Calviño (born 22 November 1996) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Lugo as a central midfielder.
Born in Sigüeiro, Oroso, A Coruña, Galicia, Rama represented Celta de Vigo and ED Xuventude Oroso as a youth.
He made his senior debut with hometown side Sigüeiro FC on 7 September 2014, starting and scoring the equalizer in a 1–2 home loss against Cordeiro FC for the "Primera Autonómica" championship.
Rama subsequently moved to Deportivo de La Coruña; initially assigned to the youth setup, he featured sparingly with the reserves in Tercera División.
In August 2017, he joined Segunda División B side CCD Cerceda.
On 25 January 2018, Rama signed a contract with CD Lugo, effective as of 1 July.
On 7 August, however, he was loaned to third division side CD Mirandés for one year.
Rama was an undisputed starter for the Castilian-Leonese side, scoring a career-best six goals as the club achieved promotion to the second division, but suffering a serious knee injury in the play-offs.
On 24 July, he extended his contract with Lugo until 2022.
Rama was declared fit to play only in January 2020, and made his professional debut on 15 January by coming on as a second-half substitute for Álex López in a 0–1 away loss against Rayo Vallecano.
New Hampshire Library Association
The New Hampshire Library Association (NHLA) is a professional organization for New Hampshire's librarians and library workers; it is the oldest state library association in the United States.
It was founded in 1889 by an act of the legislature with the stated goal "to promote the efficiency of libraries and to cultivate fellowship among its members."
A group of 49 library trustees and one librarian met for the first time on September 12, 1890, at the American Library Association meeting in the White Mountains.
Nathan Hunt, the City Librarian of Manchester, was NHLA's first president, elected in 1891.
NHLA became a state chapter of the American Library Association in 1941.
New Norcia Hotel
The New Norcia Hotel is a historic building in New Norcia, in Western Australia's Wheatbelt region.
Part of the Benedictine Monastery Precinct, it opened in 1927 as a hostel for travellers and families of boarders at the New Norcia colleges, but later opened to the public.
It closed in January 2020.
New Norcia, Australia's only monastic town, was founded by Spanish Benedictine monks in 1847.
Since the early 20th century, there have been boarding colleges associated with the monastery in New Norcia – St Gertrude's opened in 1908 for girls, and St Ildephonsus' opened in 1913 for boys.
By 1926 the existing hostels were barely able to cope with the crowds of visitors coming for Easter reunions.
Construction of a new, more elaborate, hostel began in 1926, and it opened in 1927, along with a modern motor garage.
The two-storey structure was built in a neo-classical architectural style from stone.
A large stairway, several metres wide, leads to a passageway, with guest rooms on both sides.
The windows overlook several hectares of the monastery's farm, while from a colonnaded balcony there are views of St Gertrude's College, St Joseph's Orphanage, and the public chapel.
The verandah is tiled in a traditional Spanish style.
By 1952 the hostel had electricity, but the supply was turned off at 9 pm, with candles provided to guests.
In 1955 the hostel was turned into the New Norcia Hotel, with fifteen rooms, as well as a bar and a restaurant.
The monks were the first religious organisation in Australia to have a hotel licence.
The tourist experience at New Norcia was promoted since the 1980s as a niche-interest, promoting cultural traditions, and historical and spiritual experiences, with the active use of historic buildings a way to maintain them.
There were few changes evident at the hotel by the 1990s.
The hotel received a permanent entry on the Register of the National Estate on 21 October 1980, and was classified by the National Trust on 3 November 1991.
Its condition is described as "good".
In the first week of January 2020, the monks made a sudden announcement that the hotel was closing, as it was "not part of [their] strategic plan".
A letter sent to local residents stated:
The Shire of Victoria Plains' president Pauline Bantock said the closure would have a significant impact on the local community, due to the hotel's popularity with tourists, and because it was the only place within for meals and social contact.
Boulder Ridge
Boulder Ridge is a elevation mountain ridge located in the eastern Olympic Mountains in Jefferson County of Washington state.
It is set within Buckhorn Wilderness on land managed by the Olympic National Forest.
Its nearest higher peak is Alphabet Ridge, to the south, and Buckhorn Mountain rises to the north.
Precipitation runoff from Boulder Ridge drains east into headwaters of the Big Quilcene River, west into tributaries of Dungeness River, and south into Charlia Lakes, thence Tunnel Creek.
Boulder Ridge is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America.
Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel northeast toward the Olympic Mountains.
As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks of the Olympic Range, causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall (Orographic lift).
As a result, the Olympics experience high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall.
During winter months, weather is usually cloudy, but, due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months, there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer.
Because of maritime influence, snow tends to be wet and heavy, resulting in avalanche danger.
The Olympic Mountains are composed of obducted clastic wedge material and oceanic crust, primarily Eocene sandstone, turbidite, and basaltic oceanic crust.
The mountains were sculpted during the Pleistocene era by erosion and glaciers advancing and retreating multiple times.
Saidi Shariff
Saidi Shariff ( – 14 January 2020) was a Singaporean politician belonging to People's Action Party.
He was a member of the Parliament of Singapore.
Shariff was a founding member of Yayasan Mendaki which is a self-help group.
In the sixties he worked at the National Community Leadership Training Institute.
He was elected as a member of the Parliament of Singapore from Kaki Bukit in 1980.
After his parliamentary career Shariff started to take classes for young leaders.
Later, he received postgraduate degree from the University of Hull at the age of 56.
He retired as an assistant director from Yayasan Mendaki in 2002.
Shariff died on 14 January 2020 at the age of 79.
Pomponio de Magistris
Pomponio de Magistris (died 1614) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1608–1614).
Pomponio de Magistris was born in Sonnino, Italy.
On 28 Jan 1608, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Paul V as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze.
On 10 Feb 1608, he was consecrated bishop by Mariano Pierbenedetti, Cardinal-Priest of Santa Maria in Trastevere, with Marco Cornaro, Bishop of Padua, and Metello Bichi, Bishop Emeritus of Sovana, serving as co-consecrators.
He served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until his death in 1614.
Danzen!
Futari wa Pretty Cure
The original version of "Danzen!
Futari wa Pretty Cure", performed by Gojo, was the opening theme of "Futari wa Pretty Cure"; it was was released as a single on 24 March 2004 by Marvelous AQL.
Marvelous AQL re-released "Danzen!
Futari wa Pretty Cure" on 11 May 2011, as a CD single that also included the show's ending as well as karaoke versions of both songs.
That same day, the label released another version of the single that featured a DVD that contains creditless versions of the opening and both endings of the series.
The re-release charted at #160 in the Oricon Singles Chart on 23 May 2011.
A remix of the original song, again sung by Mayumi Gojo, was made for the series' sequel "Futari wa Pretty Cure Max Heart"; it was released as a single by Marvelous AQL on 25 February 2005 and charted at #60 in the Oricon Singles Chart on 7 March.
The single was re-released on 11 May 2011 by Marvelous AQL.
The single also featured both of "Max Heart"'s ending themes, and , and karaoke versions of all three songs.
Another version, also released on the same day, came with a DVD featuring creditless versions of the "Max Heart" opening sequence and both ending sequences.
The single charted at #157 in the Oricon Singles Chart on 23 May.
is a remixed version of the song, and the insert song for the "" fifteenth anniversary crossover film, again sung by Mayumi Gojo.
The song was released as a single on 24 October 2018 by Marvelous, paired with "Rewind Memory" (a duet between Gojo and Kanako Miyamoto) and karaoke versions of both songs, and charted at #35 in the Oricon Singles Chart on 5 November of that year.
A version containing a DVD featuring a TV-sized music video of the song was also released.
The original version of "Danzen!
Futari wa Pretty Cure" won the Theme Song Award at the 9th Animation Kobe on 14 November 2004.
Bjarni Mark Antonsson
Bjarni Mark Antonsson (born 27 December 1995) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a midfielder for IK Brage.
Nikolai Kornhass
Nikolai Kornhass (, born 28 March 1993) is a German Paralympic judoka.
He represented Germany at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and he won a bronze medal in the men's 73 kg event.
At the 2015 IBSA European Judo Championships he won a bronze medal in the men's 73 kg event.
He won the gold medal at the 2019 IBSA European Judo Championships in the men's 73 kg event.
Plata Ta Tá
"Plata Ta Tá" is a protest song by Chilean singer Mon Laferte and Puerto Rican singer Guaynaa written as a response to repression by government at the 2019-2020 Chilean protests.
It was released on November 15, 2019 through Universal Music Group as a non-single album.
The song was written by Laferte and Guaynaa, and it was produced by Manu Jalil.
A music video was released on December 5, 2019, featuring Guaynaa and Mexican actress Yalitza Aparicio.
Mon Laferte announced the release of "Plata Ta Tá" on November 14, 2019, the same day the 20th Annual Latin Grammy Awards were celebrated and her album "Norma" won in the category Best Alternative Music Album.
Laferte uncovered her breast with the phrase "En Chile torturan, violan y matan" (In Chile they torture, rape and kill) in response to the repression to Chilean protesters by the government.
"Rolling Stone" said that the song title, "Plata Ta Tá", "is a play on the sounds of a "cacerolazo", or a Latin American style of protest in which people bang on pots and pans", calling the song a "perreo combativo".
The single cover shows Laferte topless, wearing only a kerchief (similar to her topless at the Grammy Awards) with the hashtag #AbortoLegalYa, supporting the feminist movement.
The music video for "Plata Ta Tá" was premiered on December 5, 2019, it was recorded in Pachuca, Hidalgo, Mexico, and directed by The Broducers.
The clip features Mon Laferte, Guaynaa and Mexican actress Yalitza Aparicio walking down the streets of Pachuca, wearing colorful clothes and dancing at the rhythm of reggaeton.
The music video is dedicated to the 2019-2020 Chilean protests.
Credits adapted from "Plata Ta Tá" liner notes"."
Vocals
Musicians
Production
Kanoa Lloyd
Kanoa Lloyd is a television host from New Zealand.
Lloyd was born in Gisborne to Ngāti Porou whānau, and grew up in Dunedin.
In 2009 Lloyd joined the presenting team on after school show Sticky TV.
From 2014 Lloyd was a weather presenter for 3 News at 6pm, where she notably introduced some te reo Māori.
In February 2017 Lloyd became one of the three inaugural presenters of 7pm current affairs/entertainment show The Project.
Lloyd also read the news on radio's Mai FM, from 2012 to 2014.
List of Central Coast Mariners FC managers
Central Coast Mariners FC are a football club based in Gosford, on the Central Coast of New South Wales which was founded in 2004.
They have had eight managers in their history (including one caretaker), the first being Lawrie McKinna and the current being Alen Stajcic.
Note: Games included are A-League (including finals and Pre-Season Cup), FFA Cup, AFC Champions League and Oceania Club Championship Qualification.
Friendlies are not included.
Source:
Benson &amp; Rixon Building
The Benson & Rixon Building is a Streamline Moderne building in Chicago's Loop.
It was designed by Alfred S. Alschuler, and was built in 1937.
Men's clothing retailer Benson & Rixon purchased the property where the building stands in 1936 for $598,500.
The building was constructed at a cost of $375,000, and their new store opened on October 12, 1937.
Benson & Rixon's State Street store was previously in the Consumers Building, across Quincy Street.
The building was remodeled in 1958 and 1970.
Alterations in 1970 included replacing the original rounded storefront with a square one.
In 1966, Benson-Rixon was purchased by Eagle Clothes, and the chain was phased out by February 1973.
The store became Leading Man Clothing.
In late October 1979, Cirilo McSween opened a McDonald's franchise in the building.
It was the first African-American owned business in the State Street Mall.
In 1983, it was the top McDonald's restaurant in the country, in terms of gross sales.
The restaurant remained open until the 2010s.
In 2005, the General Services Administration acquired the Benson & Rixon Building and neighboring buildings, using eminent domain to seize some of the properties, citing the need for increased security around the Dirksen Federal Building.
In 2012, the Benson & Rixon Building and the neighboring Bond Building were renovated.
Shire of Marble Bar
The Shire of Marble Bar was a local government area in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
It was established as the Bamboo Road District on 4 September 1896, and was based in the now-former town of Bamboo Creek.
The first election was held in January 1897.
It was renamed the Marble Bar Road District on 28 March 1904, after which the board seat moved to Marble Bar.
It was declared a shire and named the Shire of Marble Bar with effect from 1 July 1961 following the passage of the "Local Government Act 1960", which reformed all remaining road districts into shires.
The shire ceased to exist on 27 May 1972, when it amalgamated with the Shire of Nullagine to form the Shire of East Pilbara.
Senator and Liberal Party powerbroker Noel Crichton-Browne and state parliamentarians George Miles and Arthur Bickerton served on the board before their respective elections to parliament, with Miles serving as road board chairman and Crichton-Browne as shire president.
Shawn Walters
Shawn Walters (born c. 1975) is a former American football fullback.
He played for the USC Trojans from 1993 to 1996.
He led the team with 711 rushing yards as a freshman in 1993 and as a sophomore 976 yards in 1994.
He rushed for a 207 yards against Baylor in September 1994, and for 234 yards against Stanford one month later.
Walters was suspended from the team in 1995 based on allegations that he accepted money from a sports agent.
He missed the last nine games of the 1995 season and the first three games of the 1996 season due to the suspension.
In October 1996, Walters was cleared by the NCAA of any rules violations.
During his time at USC, Walters totaled 2,019 rushing yards and scored 23 touchdowns.
Walters blamed the scandal for his inability to sign with a professional team.
He later recalled: "It totally destroyed my career.
.
.
.
That stigma from USC was following me.
I don't think anybody wanted to deal with something like that."
DXVS
107.7 Lite FM (DXVS 107.7 MHz) is an FM station owned and operated by PEC Broadcasting Corporation.
Its studios and transmitter are located at Brgy.
Maranding, Lala, Lanao del Norte.
Luisa Wilson
Luisa Wilson San Román (born 5 August 2005) is a Mexican ice hockey player.
On 15 January 2020, Wilson became the first Mexican to win an Olympic medal in a Winter Olympics sport when her team won the gold medal at the girls' 3x3 mixed tournament, during the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Luisa Wilson San Román was born on 5 August 2005 in Celaya, Guanajuato to a Mexican mother, Laura San Román and a Canadian father, Brian Wilson (assistant coach for the Mexico women's national ice hockey team).
Her family moved to Canada when she was young.
Wilson has played ice hockey since she was around 2-3 years old, and she also practiced figure skating.
Wilson lives in Toronto, Canada, with her parents and her brother.
Wilson was selected to represent Mexico at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics, in Lausanne, Switzerland, in the Yellow team of the girls' 3x3 mixed ice hockey tournament.
Along with athletes from Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, South Korea, and Switzerland, Wilson and her team defeated the Black team 6–1, achieving the Gold medal.
David Garret Kerr
David Garret Kerr was an American mining engineer.
He graduated Lehigh University in 1884.
He worked for Carnegie Steel, and its successor, U.S. Steel, for his entire working life.
He rose from lab technician to Vice President.
Kerr is considered influential because, in 1880, he was sent to Sweden, to study and bring back, techniques for preparing ""spiegeleisen"", a key ingredient in newly developed Swedish steels.
US Steel made him its Vice President in charge of the production and distribution of ore, limestone and coal, in 1909.
He retained that position until 1932, when he retired.
His alma mater, Lehigh University, granted him an honorary degree, in 1933.
In 1903 a lake freighter was named the "D.G.
Kerr".
When it was sold, and renamed, a second vessel, was commissioned the "D.G.
Kerr", in 1916.
Matthias Krieger
Matthias Krieger is a German Paralympic judoka.
He represented Germany at the 2004 Summer Paralympics, at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
He won a bronze medal in the men's 81 kg event in 2012.
Grassa (restaurant)
Grassa is a small chain of three restaurants in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Grassa was established by chef Rick Gencarelli.
"Eater Portland" Brooke Jackson-Glidden has described Grassa as "a casual, kid-friendly pasta shop with turntables playing old records and bowls of noodles named for [Gencarelli's] kids".
The original Grassa (sometimes called "West End Grassa") opened in Southwest Portland's West End neighborhood in 2013.
The second location, nicknamed "Grassa Vol.
2", opened in Northwest Portland in 2016.
Grassa's third location opened near the intersection of Southeast Hawthorne and 15th Avenue around December 31, 2019.
Gencarelli also plans to open Grassa restaurants in Lake Oswego, Oregon, and Vancouver, Washington.
There were plans to open a Grassa shop in Japan.
Chris Onstad of the "Portland Mercury" wrote, "The offerings at Grassa are robust, and often intense.
This isn't a feather on a fulcrum, it's a barbell, and it's remarkably balanced.
For that, as well as for price and quality, it's highly recommended for a casual meal."
In her review for the "Portland Tribune", Anne Marie DiStefano said, "Grassa is a good ambassador, a place where someone with average pasta expectations can be pleasantly surprised by the high quality of everyday, affordable food in Portland."
In his 2016 review of the Washington Street location, "Willamette Week" Matthew Korfhage wrote, "Like an old punk rocker who now works in marketing, craft-pasta spot Grassa has aged surprisingly gracefully.
The restaurant's rough edges—unpredictable tunes at unpredictable volume, dining-room staff with occasional kitchen manners—have become idiosyncratic elements in a machine that's now quite well-oiled."
"Eater Portland" contributors have included Grassa in lists of "15 Primo Italian Restaurants in Portland" (2018) and "16 Quintessential Restaurants and Bars in Slabtown" (2019).
Tommy Barnes
Tommy Wayne Barnes (April 12, 1951 – March 7, 2013) was an American football player and coach.
He served as the head football coach at the University of Arkansas at Monticello from 1985 to 1996, compiling a record of 69–53–1.
Barnes also had a successful tenure as a high school football coach at Montrose Academy in Montrose, Arkansas.
Shire of Nullagine
The Shire of Nullagine was a local government area in Western Australia.
It was formally established as the Nullagine Road District on 8 July 1898, with part of its territory being severed from the Pilbarra Road District (which evolved into the Town of Port Hedland).
It was based in the town of Nullagine.
However, its practical establishment and the inaugural election of board members was delayed well into 1899 due to local "differences of opinion".
It was declared a shire and named the Shire of Nullagine with effect from 1 July 1961 following the passage of the "Local Government Act 1960", which reformed all remaining road districts into shires.
The shire ceased to exist on 27 May 1972, when it amalgamated with the Shire of Marble Bar to form the Shire of East Pilbara.
Politician Noel Butcher was a member of the Nullagine Roads Board prior to his election to parliament.
Jaber Al Ansari
Jaber Al Ansari is a Qatari Corporate Executive known as the Group Chief Executive Officer of ELAN Group.
Al Ansari holds a Bachelor degree in Marketing and Management from the American University of Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.
Al Ansari began his career working at an executive level in property development and investment at a real estate firm known as Qatari Diar.
He served as the General Manager for Qatari Diar-Tunis.
Al Ansari later joined ELAN Group and rose through the ranks to become the Group Chief Executive Officer of the company in 2014.
In his capacity as the CEO of ELAN, he was able to establish partnerships with Fira Barcelona, MCI International and other notable companies.
List of Billboard Top Christian Albums number ones of the 2020s
The Top Christian Albums chart is a record chart compiled by "Billboard" magazine, ranking the week's best-performing christian albums in the United States.
Like the "Billboard" 200, the data is compiled by Nielsen Soundscan based on each album's weekly physical and digital sales, as well as on-demand streaming and digital sales of its individual tracks.
Randall Vines
Randall Vines (born 6 June 1945) is an Australian professional golfer.
Vines is from Brisbane, Australia.
He had some success as an amateur, winning the 1963 Queensland Junior Golf Tournament.
Vines turned professional in 1966.
Although he spent most of his career in Australia, his earliest successes were in Europe.
Early in the 1967 season he finished runner-up at the Spanish Open.
In the summer, he held the lead after the first round of the Open Championship qualifier.
He went on to qualify for the event.
Later in the year, in September, this success culminated in a victory at the Swiss Open.
Aided by a hole-in-one on the 8th hole in the final round, Vines shot 272 (−20) to win by two over Guy Wolstenholme.
Vines soon returned down under to play on the Australian circuit.
He recorded an astonishing performance at the Tasmanian Open in February 1968, winning the tournament by 17 strokes.
It was later noted by an Australian journalist that his performance stood "as the biggest victory margin in a tournament in the world."
The experience in Tasmania was personally important to Vines as well, as he had his honeymoon with his newlywed wife Robin while on the island.
She served as his caddie during the tournament.
Following the victory, Vines moved on to the Asian circuit.
He quickly won a tournament in March, the Thailand Open.
Vines thought he blew his chances with a final round 75 (+3) but leader Haruo Yasuda made double-bogey on the last giving Vines a one-stroke win.
Vines won again the very next week at the Hong Kong Open.
The victory moved him into third place on the Asian circuit's Order of Merit.
Later in the year, defending his 1967 title, Vines finished runner-up in the Swiss Open to Italy's Roberto Bernardini.
After all of this success, Vines had a lengthy dry spell.
He did not record many top finishes and went three years without a victory.
This period ended at the 1972 Australian PGA Championship.
Vines outplayed playing partner Bill Dunk over the course of the final round to beat his own expectations and win by two shots.
"It's the best golf I've played my entire life," he said.
Vines' good play continued in 1973–74 season.
At the very beginning of the season, in September, he finished runner-up at the West End Tournament, nearly overcoming overnight leader David Galloway.
Shortly afterwards, he won an event in his home state, the Queensland PGA Championship.
Soon afterwards, he played in the Australian PGA Championship.
Like the previous year, he again played excellently at the event, now contested as a match play event.
Vines won his first five matches and played Stewart Ginn in the final.
The match was neck and neck until Ginn made mistakes on the 16th and 17th ensuring Vines' victory.
Vines shot −25 for the event.
"I feel like I've won six tournaments," he stated at the end of the event.
"Every match was a hard one."
He also won the Cairns Open at the very end of the calendar year.
This excellent play helped him qualify for the World Cup at the end of the year.
Like his sudden regression of play after the 1967–68 season, however, Vines would not maintain this level of success.
He won a minor 54-hole tournament in 1975 but otherwise did not record any top finishes for multiple years.
Late in the 1975–76 season, however, he began to turn it around.
He recorded a number of top tens, including a runner-up finish at the Forbes tournament, before playing excellently at the Queanbeyan City Open in March.
After an opening round 71 (+1), Vines shot an extraordinary second round of 62 which included a 28 (−7) on the back nine.
After a prosaic 34 (−1) on the front nine, Vines' performance immediately improved on the back.
He chipped in for eagle on the 10th and then holed out from the fairway two holes later for another eagle.
This was followed by three straight birdies.
If it weren't for near misses on the 16th and 17th holes he could have shot 26.
Nonetheless, Vines was very happy after the round stating it was the best nine holes of his career.
It was the first time he had broken 30 and "gave him almost as big a thrill as his 1968 Tasmanian Open victory by 17 shots."
Despite this excellent play he was still one behind pro Mark Tapper and remained one behind him entering the final round.
Tapper, however, played poorly the entire round, presaged by a bogey on the opening hole.
Vines took advantage of his poor play.
Though he drove the ball extremely erratically, Vines hit extraordinary approaches from the rough or behind trees and even the wrong fairway.
This enabled him to make a number of extraordinary birdies and he ultimately cruised to a four shot win.
Later in the season, he won the Queensland PGA Championship for the second time.
Vines won the Griffith Golf Classic two year later, but had few other highlights for the remainder of his career on the regular tours.
He stated later in life that he "went cold" during this period and lost confidence.
As a senior, however, Vines had some success.
Vines turned 50 in the middle of 1995 and quickly started playing on the European Seniors Tour.
He had immediate success, recording a runner-up finish at his fifth event and finished 25th on the Order of Merit, despite playing a truncated season.
The following year, his first full year on the senior tour, he continued with this success, recording three top tens including a runner-up finish at the Motor City Seniors Classic.
He finished 16th on the Order of Merit, his career best.
The following season he recorded two more top tens but finished much further down the Order of Merit.
He maintained at least part-time status on the European Seniors Tour for three more seasons but with little success.
Several years after he stopped playing the senior tour he won the New Zealand Senior PGA Championship.
He later described this as the highlight of his senior career.
In 2015 he was bestowed Life Membership in the Australian PGA.
"Note: Vines only played in the Open Championship"
CUT = missed the half-way cut (3rd round cut in 1972 Open Championship)<br>
"T" = tied
Ian Seib
Ian Martin Seib (born 15 September 1946) is a former cricketer who played first-class cricket for Queensland from 1969 to 1975.
Ian Seib was a solid opening batsman whose only century in 63 first-class innings was 101, the highest score in the match, when Queensland defeated Western Australia in the Sheffield Shield in 1973-74.
He won the man of the match award in his first List A match when he scored 64 not out off 146 balls to steer Queensland to victory over New South Wales in 1970-71.
His son Rod is a rugby union coach and a former rugby player for Queensland.
Xu Qing (engineer)
Xu Qing (; born October 1960) is a Chinese engineer currently serving as a chief technologist at China State Shipbuilding Corporation.
Xu was born in Wuhan, Hubei, in October 1960.
After graduating from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 1982, he was assigned to the 701 Institute of China State Shipbuilding Corporation.
Testimony (Veep)
"Testimony" is the ninth episode of the fourth season of "Veep" and the 37th episode overall.
The episode was written by Sean Gray and Will Smith, and directed by Armando Iannucci.
It first aired on June 7, 2015.
The plot of this bottle episode follows President Meyer's staff undergoing hearings administered by the House Judiciary Committee regarding her campaign's federal data breach (from third episode of the season, "Data").
They also must testify about allegations that Selina lobbied to kill her own bill, Families First (from the previous episode "B/ill").
She and her staffers scapegoat campaign consultant Bill Ericsson as the mastermind behind the data breach.
Iannucci received a nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series at the Primetime Emmy Awards for the episode.
The episode opens on President Selina Meyer (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) giving a press conference in which she denies that she lobbied against her Families First bill.
Several of Selina's associates are shown being sworn in at House Judiciary Committee hearings: ex-staffers, Amy (Anna Chlumsky) and Dan (Reid Scott), are together with White House Aide Jonah (Timothy Simons); Sue (Sufe Bradshaw), her secretary, is alone; Ben (Kevin Dunn), her chief of staff, is alone; and her daughter Catherine (Sarah Sutherland) is in a private deposition.
Ben vehemently denies any intent to kill the bill.
Amy and Dan state they were consultants hired to lobby people to vote against the bill.
Leigh Patterson (Jessie Ennis), a former White House aide, testifies that she was fired to conceal that someone used a confidential data breach to target bereaved parents for President Meyer's campaign.
She states that only President Meyer's campaign consultant, Bill Ericsson (Deidrich Bader), and bag man Gary Walsh (Tony Hale), knew about the data breach while the President did not.
Ericsson and Kent (Gary Cole), Selina's campaign manager, appear together before the committee.
Ericsson becomes visibly agitated when the committee members state that his name has consistently been brought up.
Kent acknowledges that Leigh was fired because she was scapegoated.
Gary anxiously testifies in front of the committee.
Selina, alone in a deposition, denies any knowledge of the campaign data breach.
Gary denies having any contact with lobbyists, except occasionally because of Catherine's fiancé, Jason.
Meanwhile, Selina refers to Jason as a consultant, and the interviewers correct her, noting that he is a lobbyist.
Selina lies and states that she thinks that Catherine has split up with Jason.
Sue sits before the committee and denies that Selina had a meeting with Congressman Pierce, who cast the vote that killed the bill.
When asked about voice memos, she states that the Press Secretary, Mike McLintock (Matt Walsh), is responsible for them.
Mike is sworn into the committee hearing.
The Committee members note a witness saw him with Dan, Amy, and Congressman Pierce in the parking lot.
Mike states the meeting was by chance.
Selina returns to her deposition and states that Catherine has confirmed she broke up with Jason.
In Ben's hearing, they play an incriminating voice memo where Selina asks about Dan and Amy.
Ben denies it is related to Families First.
Now in a deposition, Gary admits he asked Dan and Amy to lobby against Families First and states that Bill Ericsson paid them for the job.
In her deposition, Catherine also states Ericsson was responsible.
One by one, each staffer is shown naming Ericsson as the responsible party.
The episode was shot such that every scene appeared as taped footage from the in-story depositions and the congressional hearings.
This is a departure from the show's usual cinema verite style.
"Testimony" received positive critical reception.
For Vulture, Daniel Kurland wrote in a review, "'Testimony' is not only one of "Veep’s" strongest entries...but is also a staggering accomplishment in comedic television in general."
Kate Kulzick stated in a review for "The A.V.
Club", "It will be nice to get back to the show’s usual approach and aesthetic in the finale but “Testimony” is a refreshing and welcome change of pace for the series, giving the team at "Veep" the chance to flex new comedic muscles and demonstrate how talented, and versatile, they are."
Outgoing showrunner Armando Iannucci received a nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series at the Primetime Emmy Awards for "Testimony".
Delon Washington
Delon Washington (born c. 1976) is a former American football running back.
After attending Kimball High School in Dallas, he played for the USC Trojans from 1994 to 1997.
He led the team in rushing in 1995 with 1,109 yards and again in 1997 with 444 yards.
During his time at USC, Washington totaled 2,093 rushing yards and scored 12 touchdowns.
1998 Origins Award winners
The following are the winners of the 25th annual (1998) Origins Award, presented at Origins 1999:
Richard K. Bell
Richard K. Bell is an American diplomat who has served as the United States Ambassador to Ivory Coast since 2019.
Bell earned his Bachelor of Arts from Pennsylvania State University in French and a Master of Science in Management from Boston University’s International Program at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, in Beersheba, Israel.
Early in his career, Bell was Team Leader of the Provincial Reconstruction Team in Salahaddin, Iraq, and the regional coordinator for Northeast Iraq and provincial reconstruction team leader in Kirkuk, Iraq.
Previous assignments include as foreign policy advisor to the United States Africa Command, Stuttgart, Germany, Deputy Chief of Mission at the United States Embassy in Niamey, Niger, and head of the Political and Economic Affairs Section of the United States Embassy in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Most recently he served as Chargé d'affaires for the Embassy in N’Djamena, Chad.
On November 26, 2018, President Trump announced his intent to nominate Bell as the next United States Ambassador to Chad.
On August 1, 2019, his nomination was confirmed by voice vote in the United States Senate.
He presented his credentials to President Idriss Déby on October 10, 2019.
Bell speaks French and Arabic.
Fukuyama Transporting
It was founded as in 1948 in Fukuyama, Hiroshima when a shipping company that closed down transferred the facilities of its Fukuyama branch office to the new company.
The founder and company president was Noboru Shibuya, who also founded , which later became , and is now .
In 1950, after expanding into transportation services based out of Fukuyama Station, the company name was changed to Fukuyama Transporting, Co., Ltd.
It was listed on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
After founding the company, Noboru Shibuya spent 22 years until his death growing it into a shipping company with a network all over Japan.
In 1960 it partnered with and came under the umbrella of Kintetsu Railway.
The company's double circle badge means "trucks ascending with the Sun", and the left and right arrows mean "routes and operations always developing".
The green lines painted on the trucks mean "youth" and the red ones mean "burning passion".
Fundamentally they handle corporate packages, and they have been operating a Japan-wide delivery service called "Parcel One" since January 2001 that is cheaper than regular express delivery services (as of February 27, 2015 the Parcel One service is limited to corporate bodies).
It has about 400 offices in major cities and regions in Japan.
Offices in the Greater Tokyo Area, Tōkai region, Kansai region, and San'yō region are directly managed (other regional offices are affiliated subsidiaries).
The trucks are mainly made by Isuzu Motors, and large trucks down to small trucks for express delivery use are deployed.
For small trucks, the Mitsubishi Fuso Canter is used.
Kintetsu Group also has a deep connection with Hino Motors.
From 2012 large trucks made by Hino were reintroduced (they had been purchased in the past).
Trucks made by Toyota and UD Trucks equipped with Hino engines are used.
The coating uses green as a base, and yellow and red lines are inserted.
"福山通運" (Fukuyama Transporting) is painted on the front, and "札幌← →沖縄" (Sapporo← →Okinawa) was formerly written as well.
Some 2 ton and 4 ton box trucks are equipped with a power deck, which moves the bed of the truck.
In recent years they have cooperated with the city of Fukuyama, where the company was founded, on sightseeing efforts.
Besides putting stickers reading "The Town of Roses – Fukuyama" on the rear doors, for trucks in the Tokyo Metropolitan Area, from 2015 there are also stickers of "Rola", Fukuyama City's mascot.
Rat Film
Rat Film is a 2016 documentary directed by American filmmaker Theo Anthony employing techniques of essay and collage.
The documentary uses rat infestation in Baltimore as a starting point to explore issues of segregation, redlining, poverty, and resource allocation in American cities.
The film had its world premiere at the 2016 Locarno Film Festival and its U.S. premiere within the 2017 True/False Film Festival, as well as screening at festivals such as the 2017 International Film Festival Rotterdam, the 2017 South by Southwest Film Conference & Festival, and the 2018 Copenhagen International Documentary Festival.
"Rat Film" had its television premiere as part of the PBS series Independent Lens on February 26, 2018.
"Rat Film" composer Dan Deacon was nominated for Outstanding Achievement in Original Music Score and director Theo Anthony was nominated for Outstanding Achievement in a Debut Feature Film at the 2018 Cinema Eye Honors.
Tetra-n-butylammonium iodide
Tetra-"n"-butylammonium iodide (TBAI) is a quaternary ammonium salt with an iodide counterion.
It is used for synthesizing tetra-"n"-butylammonium triiodide by mixing with iodine.
The solid crystal of tetra-"n"-butylammonium iodide is in the monoclinic cyrstal system.
It has space group "C"2/"c".
The unit cell has dimensions a=14.2806 b=14.1864 c=19.5951 β=111.149.
There are eight formulae in the unit cell (Z=8), which has volume 3702.4 Å.
The enthalpy of formation ΔH of tetra-"n"-butylammonium iodide is −499 kJ/mol, which is lower than that for the bromide or chloride (−540, −564 kJ/mol).
At lower temperatures with water tetra-"n"-butylammonium iodide forms a clathrate hydrate.
The tetra-"n"-butylammonium cation is large and hydrophobic.
The absolute enthalpy of hydration (from gas phase) is −260 kJ/mol.
The He(I) photoelectron spectrum of tetra-"n"-butylammonium iodide contains a peak at 11 eV due to the tetra-"n"-butylammonium cation, and at 7 and 8 eV due to iodide.
Second Fateh Jung Shah ministry
Second Fateh Jung Shah Ministry or Second Government of Fateh Jung Shah or Fateh Jung Shah's Second Council of Bharadars was the council of the Bharadars (equivalent to the ministry or the government of Nepal) which was formed on September 1845 (Ashwin 1902) after the assasination of Mukhtiyar Mathabarsingh Thapa.
The ministry was led by Fateh Jung Shah in his second term as Mukhtiyar (Prime Minister) of Nepal.
However, the virtual Prime Minister was Kaji Gagan Singh Bhandari who had stronghold over large number of military forces than the Mukhtiyar.
This council of ministers were dissolved due to the murder of entire council members on 14th September 1846 by the only surviving member Jang Bahadur Kunwar; the incident known as the Kot Massacre.
The ministry of the Kingdom of Nepal formed on September 1845 (Ashwin 1902) after the death of Prime Minister Mathabarsingh Thapa included Chautariya Fateh Jung Shah, Gagan Singh Bhandari, Abhiman Singh Rana Magar and Dalbhanjan Pande.
Kaji Jang Bahadur Kunwar was also reinstated to his post as Kaji and General with 3 regiments under him in the council.
Fateh Jung Shah, King Rajendra's favourite courtier, was appointed as Mukhtiyar with control over Western Commands of the Nepalese Army, Departmemt of Foreign Affairs and a direct administration of 3 military regiments.
Gagan Singh Bhandari, the Junior Queen Rajya Lakshmi's favourite courtier, became the most influential member in the State Council where he received direct control of 7 military regiments and was assigned the responsibility of supervision over all the arsenals and magazines in the country.
He was also assigned the direct administration of the Kathmandu Valley.
Abhiman Singh Rana Magar was appointed with the control over the Eastern Commands of the Nepalese Army with personal control of 2 regiments.
Dalbhanjan Pande was awarded the rank of General along with the one regiment of soldiers under his administration.
Fateh Jung, Abhiman Singh and Dalbhanjan were inclined to King Rajendra while Gagan Singh was inclined to Junior Queen Rajya Laxmi.
However, Jang Bahadur acted neutral to both factions.
On 31st Bhadra 1902 (September 1846) around 10 pm, Gagan Singh Bhandari was killed in his prayer room at home by a Maithil Brahmin assassin named Lal Jha.
Historian Baburam Acharya opines that Lal Jha was most probably supplied with guns and ammunition by Jang Bahadur Kunwar.
It was also rumoured that Mukhtiyar Fateh Jung Shah had helped the King in selecting an assassin for Gagan Singh.
The investigation of the murder of Gagan Singh led to the Kot Massacre on 14th September 1846 where all the members of the Council were killed with the exception of Jang Bahadur Kunwar.
Jang Bahadur, his brothers and aides conducted the massacre and afterwards received high posts in the new government.
Mariana Castells
Mariana Castells is a Spanish-American allergist who focuses on mast cell disease, including mastocytosis, a rare disease with limited treatment options.
Castells works at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Massachusetts in the Department of Allergy, Rheumatology, and Immunology and at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute.
She is also a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School.
Castells attended medical school at Autonomous University of Barcelona, Spain and was a resident at University of Kansas Medical Center.
She also has a PhD.
Castells is a leader in the mastocytosis treatment and research field, and directs both the Mastocytosis Center of Excellence and the Drug Hypersensitivity and Desensitization Center at Brigham and Women's Hospital.
She is also part of the medical advisory board for The Mastocytosis Society.
Castells leads clinical trials related to both mast cell disease and drug desensitization.
In her desensitization research, she works to reduce allergic reactions to chemotherapy and other kinds of drugs.
Castells is often quoted as an expert in media articles about seasonal environmental allergies.
DXKM (Kidapawan)
107.9 One Radio News FM (DXKM 107.9 MHz) is an FM station owned and operated by Rizal Memorial Colleges Broadcasting Corporation.
Its studios and transmitter are located at Brgy.
Balindog, Kidapawan.
RHA Audio
RHA Technologies Ltd., commonly known as RHA Audio is a British independently owned audio company specialising in the design and production of a wide range of earphone products.
RHA Audio was founded in 2008, it spent the first three years researching and developing its products before launching its products to the public in 2011
In 2019, the company became the first in Scotland to qualify for a public funding initiative, using the funds to invest in further research & development of its products and in hiring new product designers and software engineers.
Catching a Killer
Catching a Killer is a British true crime documentary television series that has aired on Channel 4 since 2017.
Each episode documents detectives with the Thames Valley Police as they investigate a murder.
Five episodes have aired as of January 2020.
The series is produced by True Vision productions.
C. F. Collins
Charles Francis Collins (September 13, 1885 – September 7, 1914) was an American football coach.
He served as the head football coach at St. Bonaventure University in Allegany, New York.
2020 San Diego Loyal SC season
The 2020 San Diego Loyal SC season is the club's first season of existence and their first season in the USL Championship.
On January 9, 2020, the USL announced the 2020 season schedule.
As a USL Championship club, San Diego will enter the competition in the Second Round, to be played April 7–9.
Italo Zannier
Italo Zannier (Spilimbergo, 9 June 1932) is an Italian art historian, photographer, academic and historian of photography.
First in Italy to hold a chair of "history of photography" he taught at IUAV and at the Faculty of Letters of Ca 'Foscari University also in Venice, he also taught at Dams in Bologna and at the Faculty of Cultural Heritage of Ravenna and at the Catholic University of Milan.
He is a member of the "Sociètè europeènne d'histoire de la photographie".
He has published more than 500 books between historical and scientific catalogs and publications.
He had an honorary degree in Conservation of cultural heritage from the University of Udine.
President of the scientific committees of the Alinari Museum of the History of Photography in Florence and of the Lestans Photography Research and Archiving Center, which he founded in 1994.
Curator of dozens of exhibitions, including the one on the Mediterranean landscape organized in Seville on the occasion of the Expo 1992 is the photographic section of Italian Metamorphosis, the great exhibition dedicated to Italian art from the Guggenheim in New York in 1994.
He also edited the photography section at various editions of the Venice Art Biennale including the last one in 2011 and at the Venice Architecture Biennale.
Many great contemporary Italian photographers owe his fame as a popularizer [without source].
He taught photography at the Advanced Industrial Design Course in Venice, the first Italian Industrial Design School in the early 1960s.
Nataliya Nikolaychyk
Nataliya Nikolaychyk is a visually impaired Ukrainian Paralympic judoka.
She represented Ukraine at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and she won one of the bronze medals in the women's 52 kg event.
At the 2015 IBSA European Judo Championships she won the gold medal in the women's 52 kg event.
At the 2015 European Games she won one of the bronze medals in the women's blind 57 kg event.
The staff ate it later
"The staff ate it later" is an annotation (Telop) that displays on the screen when a dish or food appears on a Japanese TV program.
This indicates that the dish and ingredients were eaten without wasting them; however, some people question their authenticity.
In addition, there is an opinion that the display of this annotation has lowered the quality of the TV program (described later).
It is thought that the TV station side used it as a self-defense measure in preparation for complaints from viewers who claimed it is immoral when the food is handled roughly on TV variety shows.
It's not clear when this annotation began to be used, but according to TV producer , when a performance using small watermelons was broadcast in "Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!!"
(ダウンタウンのガキの使いやあらへんで!!
"Dauntaun no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!!
", lit.
"Downtown's We Aren't Errand Boys!
"), broadcast on Nippon TV, a viewer complained, "Do not mess up food."
As a result, he says the TV station displayed this annotation on the screen the following year.
There are various theories as to whether staff are actually eating the dishes and ingredients that appear in the program.
According to AOL News in 2014, the staff of the information program testified that "It's difficult for the reporter to eat all the food provided by the restaurant, so the staff instruct the reporter not to eat it all.
However, the staff eats the rest of the dish considering for the restaurant."
In a "Meshizanmai Hurusatonoaji" (Meshizanmai Taste of Hometown) ,published by food comic artist and others, , a reporter for the cooking show, claims that the annotation is true, and she says, "At least on the show I'm on, the staff eats all the rest of the dishes."
In January 2018, Miwa Asao, former professional beach volleyball player and currently she has been a TV personality for the last 8 years, introduces photos of the staff eating food after recording "" (TVQ Kyushu Broadcasting) and she wrote "This is a photo of the location shoot.
The staff will eat the rest of the dishes."
on her blog.
Hitoshi Matsumoto, one of Japan's most popular comedians and TV hosts, was asked by a sociologist Noritoshi Furuichi for the truth of this annotation in 2014 at the "" (Fuji Television).
Then he said, "I don't know the truth of the annotation.
However, I've never seen the staff eating the rest of dish."
As an opinion completely denied that the staff is eating, Beat Takeshi, Takeshi Kitano who is a Japanese comedian, television presenter, actor, filmmaker, and author, stated that no one eat food that fell onto the floor on their own accord in his book "Bakaron".
A commentator Tsunehira Furuya also state that the dishes used in the show are not eaten by the staff later and throw it away after the show.
Critic Tetsuya Uetaki evaluates that displaying this annotation when dealing with ingredients on a television show.
This is because TV producers are aware that a certain number of viewers feel uncomfortable to handle ingredients roughly.
However, since the viewer does not know whether the staff actually ate the rest, It is suggested that this annotation may be a precautionary measure to be displayed in case of complaints from viewers.
A broadcast writer states that the TV program side has become more sensitive to dealing with ingredients in programs and displays annotations on the screen to prevent complaints from viewers.
He feels the danger that such excessive self-regulation could lead to restriction of a expression.
TV producer also says that the strict restrictions make TV programs unexciting.
Takashi Matsuo, a columnist, argues that adults, not TV shows, should teach children the importance of food.
He also argue that if the parent feels uncomfortable about the child watching what the comedian is expressing on TV, it's correct to switch to another channel or turn off the TV instead of complaining to the TV station.
Matsuo also point out the inconsistency that "the staff ate it later<nowiki>"</nowiki> are not displayed even in scenes where a large amount of tomatoes are thrown at the festival of Tomatina in Spain or when athletes are doing to celebrate their victory.
Warhol (crater)
Warhol is a crater on Mercury.
Its name was adopted by the IAU in 2012, after the American artist Andy Warhol.
Vavae Malepeai
Vavae Malepeai (born c. 1999) is an American football running back.
A native of Hawaii, his three uncles, Silila, Tasi and Pulou Malepeai, all played college football for the Oregon Ducks.
Malepeai has played for the USC Trojans since 2017.
Despite having his season shortened due to injury, he led the 2019 USC Trojans football team with 503 rushing yards in eight games.
His 2019 season was cut short by a knee injury.
Malepeai later revealed that he had injured the knee in before the season began and played hurt, hoping he could fight through it.
2003 National Soccer League Grand Final
The 2003 National Soccer League Grand Final was held on 1 June 2003 between Perth Glory and Olympic Sharks at Subiaco Oval.
Perth Glory had gained home-ground advantage as they topped the Championship Playoff, with Olympic Sharks finishing second.
Perth won the match 2–0, with goals from Jamie Harnwell and Damian Mori sealing their first National Soccer League championship.
Brain Pain
Brain Pain is the upcoming seventh studio album by American pop punk band Four Year Strong.
It is the band's first studio album in nearly five years.
The album was announced on January 14, 2020 accompanied by the release of the first two singles from the album; Talking Myself In Circles and Brain Pain.
The album is scheduled to be released on February 28th, 2020.
Indian Arrows Reserves
Indian Arrows (previously called Pailan Arrows) is an Indian football club located in Vasco da Gama, that competes in the I-League.
The club was formed with the main goal of nurturing young Indian football talents.
After disbanding in 2013, the project was revived as "Indian Arrows" in 2017.
Later in 2020, AIFF decided to field a B team of Indian Arrows in I-League 2nd Division League.
Nicholas Barber (MP)
Nicholas Barber (fl.
1414-1421), of Dunwich, Suffolk, was a Member of Parliament for Dunwich April 1414, 1419 and December 1421.
Mehdi Essoussi
Mehdi Essoussi (born February 28, 2001) is a Tunisian-born, Canadian soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Toronto FC II in USL League One.
Anarchism (Miller book)
Anarchism is a book-length survey of anarchism written by David Miller and published by J. M. Dent in 1984.
Lukoyanovsky Uyezd
Lukoyanovsky Uyezd ("Лукояновский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Nizhny Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the southeastern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Lukoyanov.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Lukoyanovsky Uyezd had a population of 193,454.
Of these, 85.2% spoke Russian, 14.3% Mordvin and 0.3% Belarusian as their native language.
Sheshan Fernando
Sheshan Fernando (born 13 November 1999) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his first-class debut on 15 February 2018, for Chilaw Marians Cricket Club in the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament.
He made his List A debut on 15 December 2019, for Negombo Cricket Club in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 4 January 2020, for Negombo Cricket Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
GirlsDoPorn
GirlsDoPorn was an American amateur pornography website based in San Diego.
The website depicted women performing sexual intercourse on a casting couch.
It was founded by New Zealand businessmen Michael Pratt and Matthew Isaac Wolfe.
In August 2019, a lawsuit was filed against its owners by twenty-two women who performed in the videos released by the company.
The women were awarded $12.7 million in January 2020.
In October 2019, Pornhub removed Girls Do Porn videos from its website.
In November 2019, its owner faced child pornography charges.
In January 2020, the website has been taken down after a $13 million judgment.
GirlsDoPorn website goes offline after $13M judgment, criminal charges
Guo Xingyuan
Guo Xingyuan (, born 20 October 1988) is a Chinese para table tennis player.
He has won one gold medal and two silver medals from three Paralympic Games (2008, 2012, and 2016).
Like many of his teammates, Guo was a polio victim from Pizhou who attended New Hope Center as a child.
That's where coach Heng Xin developed him into a star.
June Jackson
Dame Temuranga Batley-Jackson, (born 24 August 1939), known as June Jackson, is a New Zealand Māori activist and public servant.
She was Chief Executive Officer of the Manukau Urban Māori Authority from 1986 to 2009, and a member of the New Zealand Parole Board from 1991.
In 1959, she married Robert "Bob" Jackson.
Together they had three children, including the politician and broadcaster Willie Jackson.
Her husband died in 2013.
In the 1996 Birthday Honours, Jackson was appointed Companion of the Queen's Service Order (QSO) for public services.
In the 2010 Birthday Honours, she was appointed Dame Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit (DNZM) for services to Māori.
Norway at the 1984 Winter Paralympics
Norway competed at the 1984 Winter Paralympics held in Innsbruck, Austria.
In total athletes representing Norway won 15 gold medals, 13 silver medals and 13 bronze medals and the country finished in 3rd place in the medal table.
Competitors representing Norway won six gold medals, three silver medals and two bronze medals.
Competitors representing Norway won nine gold medals, 10 silver medals and 11 bronze medals.
Alexander Lind
Alexander Lind (born 23 March 1989) is a Norwegian football striker who plays for FK Donn.
He spent time in Eliteserien with IK Start in 2014, playing almost half the games.
He thereafter played four seasons in the 1. divisjon with FK Jerv.
List of American art awards
This list of American art awards covers some of the main art awards given by organizations in the United States.
Some are restricted to Visual artists of the United States in a particular genre or from a given region, while others are broader in scope.
Ralph Priso
Ralph-William Johnson Priso-Mbongue (born August 2, 2002) is a Canadian soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Toronto FC II in USL League One.
Makaryevsky Uyezd (Nizhny Novgorod Governorate)
Makaryevsky Uyezd ("Макарьевский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Nizhny Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the northeastern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Makaryevo.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Makaryevsky Uyezd had a population of 108,994.
Of these, 98.5% spoke Russian, 1.2% Mari and 0.1% Tatar as their native language.
Plieščanicy
Plieščanicy () is an urban-type settlement in the northern part of Belarus.
It is located in the Lahoysk District of the Minsk Region, 60 km to the north of Minsk.
Plieščanicy has an elevation of 211 m (692 ft) above sea level.
The topography of the surrounding area is relatively flat and sparsely populated.
Plieščanicy is the largest settlement in the area, with a population of 5,835 inhabitants.
Geraldine Wright
Geraldine (Jeri) Wright is an insect neuroethologist in the United Kingdom.
In 2018 she became the Professor of Comparative Physiology/Organismal Biology at the University of Oxford and Tutorial Fellow of Hertford College.
Originally born in Wyoming in the United States, Wright did a BSc in Botany at the University of Wyoming and then a PhD in insect nutrition and herbivory at Hertford College, University of Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar in 1994.
She moved to Ohio State University to do postdoctoral research on olfaction in honeybees in the Rothenbuhler Honeybee Laboratory and she also completed an MSc in Statistics at Ohio State University.
Wright later moved to Newcastle University as a lecturer, then Reader and subsequently Professor in Neuroethology.
She moved to the University of Oxford in 2018 where she is Professor of Comparative Physiology/Organismal Biology and Tutorial Fellow of Hertford College.
Wright's research has looked at the effects of intoxication in honeybees with ethanol, finding that with increased ethanol consumption the bees spent less time on normal behaviours such as flying, walking and grooming, and instead spent more time upside down.
She has also done research to look for emotions in bees, testing their responses to smells that were unfamiliar to them.
Bees that had been subjected to an uncomfortable experience prior to the test were less likely to test the smells, and were perceived as pessimists compared to those that had not had the experience.
Levels of neurotransmitters such as octopamine, dopamine and serotonin were also lower in bees that had the uncomfortable experience.
Her work has also looked at the effects of insecticides on bees, finding that a combination of insecticides can have a greater detrimental effect on bee learning and memory than a single compound.
Wright also found that the nicotine present in neonicotinoid insecticides may 'give bees a buzz', as honeybees and bumblebees preferred food containing neonicotinoids over that without.
In contrast she found that caffeine can improve the memory of bees of a particular scent that might bear nectar and subsequent research by Wright showed that bees have two neurons in each tastebud which help regulate bees' response to particular tastes.
Ports of the Republic of Siena
The Republic of Siena in its progressive territorial growth saw its borders expanding especially in the territories of southern Tuscany in the current province of Grosseto.
The possession of an "access to the sea" by Siena was therefore a natural continuation of its expansionary and commercial policy in the Maremma with the conquest of the ports of Talamone, Porto Ercole and Porto Santo Stefano.
In order to ensure access to maritime traffic and a competitive sales network, Siena already tried to secure the use of the Grosseto river port in the 13th century.
However, the port, swept away during the 14th century by the violent flood that removed the course of the Ombrone from the city, never had any development, also due to the incorrect economic policy of Siena and the lack of a productive background.
In May 1303, the abbot of the monastery of San Salvatore, Friar Ranieri, arrived in Siena proposing to the government of the Nine the purchase of the lands belonging to the monastery (even if they were then occupied militarily by the Counts of Santa Fiora), including Talamone and Castiglion di Val d'Orcia.
After a difficult negotiation, the purchase contract was signed on 10 September 1303.
At the price of 900 gold florins the port of Talamone, the Contrada di Valentina and Castiglion di Val d'Orcia were sold to the Republic of Siena which also placed the monastery under its protection.
The possession of an outlet to the sea was extensively celebrated in Siena, hoping to increase its trade in this way, despite being affected by the negative consequences that the failure of the Gran Tavola bank of the Bonsignori had caused in relations with France and northern Italy.
In May 1304 a bailiff was established for three Sienese citizens who took care of the needs of the port of Talamone and communicated them to Siena.
At this point, it was necessary to decide the strategy to be followed regarding the port.
The General Council of the Bell was divided on two opposing ideas represented respectively by Mignanello dei Mignanelli and Cione di Alemanno dei Piccolomini.
The first claimed that the government of the Nine should have full authority in the work, while the second claimed that it was necessary to agree with the Genoese for the proper development of the port given the inexperience of the Sienese in maritime affairs.
It was decided to avoid external interference by directly managing the seaport.
From 1305, restoration work was carried out for the harbor walls, roads were improved, a bridge was built and the quarterdeck was rebuilt while, to avoid possible hostilities with the Counts of Santa Fiora, the boundaries were precisely established.
The following year a ban was placed for the salt evaporation pond that should have provided half of the product to the Commune because it was his property.
On the recommendation of three Sienese citizens sent to the site, in 1309 improvements were made both to the castle and to the port to make it easier for sailors to land thanks to wooden piers, as well as to start work on a lighthouse.
Following the adhesion to the Tuscan Guelph League, made possible thanks to the political change imposed by the Nine that removed the city from the empire, Siena then found itself to be allied with Florence.
Given the growing enmities existing towards the Ghibelline Pisa, the Florentine government stipulated an agreement on 17 August 1311 with the Sienese Republic for the passage of all their goods by sea from Talamone.
With the descent of the Emperor Henry in Tuscany there were various reprisals against the Florentine merchants in Genoa and, probably for the same reason of damaging the Florentine trade, some Sienese Ghibelline exiles attacked Talamone in 1312; in that moment without defenses.
It took the Republic of Siena two years to regain control of the port.
However, already in 1320 there was a new aggression, this time on the part of Genoese exiles, who sacked Talamone with a large quantity of wheat bound for Siena, burdened at that time with a famine.
In the following years the Municipality of Siena committed itself to taking the necessary measures to avoid new foreign incursions, together with the granting of privileges to the inhabitants of the port in order to encourage the growth of the Talamone population.
Despite the efforts, the population and the safety of the airport turned out to be a failure also considering the pressing presence of malaria.
The port was forced to suffer a new hostile occupation in 1328 by the army of the king of Sicily who tried to take Grosseto as well.
Given the impossibility of managing the port in a fruitful way, the government of the Nine opted for the concession of Talamone for rent to the Duke of Calabria through his ducal vicar.
In 1339 the port was granted for eight years to the Genoese Manfredi del Fiesco, count of Lavagna.
However, due to some breaches of the agreements, the contract was canceled and the maritime port returned to the direct control of Siena.
Following new clashes against the Pisans due to the influence on Lucca, Florence renewed the agreements with the Republic of Siena for the rights of Florentine merchants in the port of Talamone in 1340; situation that was repeated in 1356.
Upon learning of the treaty with Florence, Pisa threatened to occupy the port and tried several times to attack it, failing thanks to Florence's commitment to protect its maritime trade.
However, once the peace agreement was signed with Pisa in 1364, the Florentine merchants preferred to leave the more distant Sienese port in favor of the Pisan one, despite the pressure exerted by Siena to maintain Florence's commercial traffic.
In a period of strong political instability in Siena, more privileges were therefore decided for anyone who wanted to live in Talamone and cultivated the land and the passing merchants, so as to remedy the damage caused by the loss of Florentine maritime traffic.
The entire area of the Sienese Maremma was however seriously neglected and due to the strong emigration the population of Talamone, Magliano and Grosseto was by now decimated.
In this situation in 1375 the Sienese coast suffered several looting by Pisan troops, which later occupied Talamone together with the papal militias.
Due to contrasts between Siena and the papacy due to the support given to Perugia in the riots against the Papal State, the papal occupation lasted until 1378, the year in which the Republic of Siena regained control of the port by paying a large sum of money to Urban VI.
The following year, due to conflicts with Pisa and Genoa for control of Sardinia, the Catalans concluded a treaty with the Republic of Siena for the use of the port of Talamone, guaranteeing their merchants the same rights that were granted to the Florentines, but with lower duties.
Once the Sienese port was left by the Catalans, failing to cover the defense and guards with maritime trade, in 1385 it was decided to grant the port to a company that also took care of maintaining the defensive structures.
In 1399 various measures were approved for the rehabilitation of the Maremma and the reclamation of the lands of Grosseto, so as to finally take full advantage of the great fertility of the agricultural areas.
With the conquest of Livorno in 1404 and that of Pisa in 1406 by Florence, the modernization of Talamone became more pressing for Siena to avoid the decadence of the port.
In those years King Ladislaus of Naples tried to bring the Republic of Siena to his part in anti-Florentine function, but given the rejection of the Sienese the king of Naples attacked Talamone together with the Genoese in 1410.
With great effort and with the help of Florence and France, Siena succeeded in regaining the port and the castle in December of the same year.
Porto Ercole and the territory of Monte Argentario, including the lesser Porto Santo Stefano, were conquered by the Republic of Siena at the time of the coming in Tuscany of the King of Naples Ladislaus in 1409.
The damages caused by the Genoese occupation were huge and the General Council of the Bell approved in 1411 that the necessary repair work was done, and the same happened in 1416 with Orbetello recently conquered.
The return of the Catalans to the Sienese port in 1436 was a positive event and, with the treaty signed by the parties, the Republic of Siena undertook to maintain the roads to Grosseto in good condition as well as the bridge of the port.
The trade could flourish again and the following year the visit of Prince Alfonso of Aragon was also recorded.
Given the huge expenses that brought the Ercole Port to the Municipality of Siena, in 1441 it was given in concession to Agnolo Morosini with the latter's commitment to build fortifications and defensive structures both in the airport and in the area of Monte Argentario.
In 1460 the territory was granted to a commercial company of Sienese citizens.
They committed to Siena to make the area of Porto Ercole habitable (by granting the inhabitants the same privileges as the citizens of Talamone), building a new tower and even a warehouse.
Given the poor condition of Porto Ercole, the concession to the commercial company was withdrawn by the Bell Council in 1474.
The Republic sent guard and two lords to deal with the needs of the airport more carefully and to solve the problem of lack of housing for citizens.
On 30 January 1474 there was the only document of a Sienese ship, built in one of the ports of the Sienese Maremma by the merchant Francesco Benedetti da Perpignano who obtained a license from the Municipality to hoist the flag of the Republic of Siena.
In 1476 a serious plague struck the ports of Talamone and Porto Ercole, decimating the population of the entire Grosseto area, subsequently impoverished by the pause of the Neapolitan royal army in those lands that were just repopulating.
From 1480 the Republic decided to intervene on the ports trying to stimulate the return of the emigrated citizens during the plague.
In this period Porto Ercole experienced a good commercial flow thanks to the trade of wool cloths to the east by Sienese merchants.
To solve security problems, in 1489 Siena sent its Muslim consul to Constantinople so that the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire drove the many pirates who damaged the cities and ports from the Maremma.
In the first few years of the 16th century the Republic of Siena sold, for the price of 4,500 florins, all the revenues of the ports of Talamone and Porto Ercole for ten years to Alessandro di Galgano Bichi, while the use of the lands of Monte Argentario was bought by the Spedale of S. Maria della Scala of Siena.
In 1507, during his lordship, Pandolfo Petrucci bought the domain of Monte Argentario for 34,000 gold florins.
Taking advantage of a period of strong political instability in the Republic of Siena, the Genoese commander Andrea Doria occupied Talamone in 1527, and afterwards also Orbetello and Porto Ercole fell.
The occupation of Orbetello and Talamone did not last long because the Sienese army supported by the population managed to recover the two cities.
Since the Sienese could not take Porto Ercole by force, the Commune of Siena insisted with great insistence on Pope Clement VII that he would return the lands occupied by force.
Not obtaining positive responses and given the prolongation of the negotiations, the Republic decided to attack the port of call in 1530, managing to take back the port thanks to the commander Cincio Corso.
Fearing an imminent war against the Emperor or against the Pope, the Commune had the towns and the castles of the Maremma visited by the architect Baldassarre Peruzzi and Antonmaria Lari who were in charge of strengthening the walls of Porto Ercole, Grosseto and Talamone in 1532 and in 1541.
The fleet of Khayr al-Din Barbarossa, arrived in Italy to help the king of France, sacked and captured Montiano, Talamone and Porto Ercole.
The plundered lands were ceded to the king of France who, after offering them in vain to the Pope (who refused them because he supported the Spanish presence in Italy) decided to withdraw from these lands after setting fire to Porto Ercole and its fortress.
During the last decade of the Republic of Siena, from 1545 to 1555, the restoration of the walls and the fortifications of the ports of Talamone and Porto Ercole were continuous.
During the Siena War where the Sienese and French armies faced each other against the Florentine and Spanish armies, besieged Siena on August 2, 1554 and surrendered the city in April 1555, Porto Ercole still remained to be conquered, where the French commander Charles de Carbonnières, after having awaited the arrival of Marshal Piero Strozzi, he surrendered on June 18, 1555.
The ports that were of the Republic of Siena for more than two centuries, became part of the nascent State of the Presidi in 1557 at the behest of Philip II king of Spain.
Jacen Russell-Rowe
Jacen Russell-Rowe (born September 13, 2002) is a Canadian soccer player who plays as a forward for the Maryland Terrapins in the Big Ten.
Apostolic Delegation to the Pacific Ocean
The Apostolic Delegation to the Pacific Ocean is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church.
It represents the interests of the Holy See in a defined region in countries with which diplomatic relations have not yet been established.
It is led by a Delegate who holds a number of other titles within the diplomatic service of the Holy See, including that of Apostolic Nuncio to New Zealand.
He resides in Wellington, New Zealand.
The Holy See changed the name of the delegation responsibility for Australia and much of the Pacific several times.
On 1 November 1968, the Delegation to Australia, New Zealand, and Oceania was divided into the Delegation to Australia and Papua New Guinea and the Delegation to New Zealand and Pacific Islands.
When the Holy See and New Zealand established diplomatic ties, Pope Paul VI established the Nunciature to New Zealand on 20 June 1973.
The next year, when Archbishop Angelo Acerbi was named to lead the delegation, his title was given inconsistently as Apostolic Delegate to the Pacific Ocean () and Apostolic Delegate to the Islands of the Pacific Ocean ().
Since then the Holy See has established nunciatures in several countries in the region, reducing the responsibilities of the Delegation to the Pacific Ocean.
The new nunciatures include: Fiji, Nauru, the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Vanuatu, Kiribati, Palau, and the Cook Islands.
The Delegation continues to represent the Holy See in American Samoa, French Polynesia, Guam, New Caledonia, Niue, Norfolk Island, Northern Mariana Islands, Pitcairn Island, Tokelau, Tuvalu, U.S. Minor Islands, and Wallis and Futuna.
William Aligo
William Aligo (born 27 March 1983) is a retired Norwegian football defender.
He was born in South Sudan, but grew up in Norway and Søgne.
He made his debut in Eliteserien with IK Start in 2002 and also played two 2003 Norwegian Football Cup games.
In 2006 he transferred to Flekkerøy IL.
From 2007 to 2014 he played for FK Donn, crowning his time there with promotion to the 2015 2. divisjon.
However, because of studies in Oslo he had to leave Donn and joined Oslo team Frigg.
He briefly rejoined Donn to play three games in the 2015 2. divisjon.
Nizhegorodsky Uyezd
Nizhegorodsky Uyezd ("Нижегородский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Nizhny Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the central part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Nizhny Novgorod.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Nizhegorodsky Uyezd had a population of 222,033.
Of these, 97.6% spoke Russian, 1.0% Yiddish, 0.4% Tatar, 0.4% Polish, 0.2% German, 0.1% Belarusian and 0.1% Ukrainian as their native language.
Edvard Schiffauer
Tomáš Edvard Schiffauer (born 26 March 1942), more commonly known as Edvard Schiffauer, is a Czech composer of classical music.
Schiffauer is mainly a composer of music for theater.
He also composed vocal pieces like operas, an oratorio, a mass and others, along with chamber music, such as sonatas, sonatinas, a string quartet, pieces for a brass quintet, a wind octet, a string trio and more.
Edvard Schiffauer was born in Ostrava in an educated upper-middle-class family.
However, the family's living standards degraded after the communist 1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état.
In 1960, Schiffauer started his study at the Technical University of Ostrava, which he discontinued, but he completed his Master's degree at the Pedagogical Institute of the University of Ostrava in 1964.
He also started studying musical composition in the Academy of Performing Arts.
In 1961, Schiffauer and other students established the theater named "Divadélko Pod okapem" (“Little Theater under the Gutter”), which became an Ostravian version of Prague’s Semafor Theatre.
Moreover, he was involved in the foundation of "Divadlo Waterloo" ("Theater Waterloo") and he composed music for the musical "Syn Pluku" (op.
3) ("Son of the Regiment") in 1968.
This theater became banned by the authorities during the normalization era in Czechoslovakia and a large-scale court trial was held with those who had been involved in this theater.
Schiffauer was expelled from the Academy of Performing Arts and sentenced to nine months of imprisonment for having composed music for that musical.
He served his sentence in the prison in Pilsen-Bory, where he wrote a children's opera "Vrat' nám, ptáku, Hastermana!"
("Bring us Hasterman back, Bird!")
with his friend and later Charter 77 signatory Ivan Binar.
During the normalization era, Schiffauer was employed as a worker and he was being permanently interrogated by the State Security Police.
This experience was breifly summarized by Schiffauer in an interview published on YouTube in February 2019.
After the Velvet Revolution, Schiffauer was allowed to complete his university education (Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts) and could fully engage himself into composition of music.
He was teaching in the Janáček Conservatory in Ostrava and in the Silesian University (Opava).
Unknown dates
Sontje Hansen
Misjonne "Sontje" Juniffer Naigelino Hansen (born 18 May 2002) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a forward for Jong Ajax.
He made his first team debut on 18 December 2019 in a cup match against Telstar.
Four days later he played his first Eredivisie match against ADO Den Haag.
Claw finding problem
The claw finding problem is a classical problem in complexity theory, with several applications in cryptography.
In short, given two functions "f", "g", viewed as oracles, the problem is to find "x" and "y" such as "f"("x") = "g"("y").
The pair ("x", "y") is then called a "claw".
Some problems, especially in cryptography, are best solved when viewed as a claw finding problem, hence any algorithmic improvement to solving the claw finding problem provides a better attack on cryptographic primitives such as hash functions.
Let formula_1 finite sets, and formula_2, formula_3 two functions.
A pair formula_4 is called a "claw" if formula_5.
The claw finding problem is defined as to find such a claw, given that one exists.
If we view formula_6 as random functions, we expect a claw to exist iff formula_7.
More accurately, there are exactly formula_8 pairs of the form formula_9 with formula_10; the probability that such a pair is a claw is formula_11.
So if formula_7, the expected number of claws is at least 1.
If classical computers are used, the best algorithm is similar to a Meet-in-the-middle attack, first described by Diffie and Hellman.
The algorithm works as follows: assume formula_13.
For every formula_14, save the pair formula_15 in a hash table indexed by formula_16.
Then, for every formula_17, look up the table at formula_18.
If such an index exists, we found a claw.
This approach takes time formula_19 and memory formula_20.
If quantum computers are used, Seiichiro Tani showed that a claw can be found in complexity formula_21.
Shengyu Zhang showed that asymptotically these algorithms are the most efficient possible.
As noted, most applications of the claw finding problem appear in cryptography.
Examples include:
1957 Texas Longhorns baseball team
The 1957 Texas Longhorns baseball team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1957 NCAA University Division baseball season.
The Longhorns played their home games at Clark Field.
The team was coached by Bibb Falk in his 15th season at Texas.
The Longhorns reached the College World Series, but were eliminated by in the quarterfinal.
Sameera Gunaratne
Sameera Gunaratne (born 12 February 1996) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his List A debut on 15 December 2019, for Nugegoda Sports Welfare Club in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament.
Poorna Wannithilake
Poorna Wannithilake (born 3 March 1998) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his List A debut on 15 December 2019, for Nugegoda Sports Welfare Club in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 12 January 2020, for Nugegoda Sports Welfare Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
Daniel Emmanuel Asafo-Agyei
Daniel Emmanuel Asafo-Agyei was a Ghanaian politician and merchant.
He replaced Cobina Kessie as the member of parliament for the Kumasi North constituency in 1959 when the latter took up a diplomatic appointment as Ghana's ambassador to Liberia.
Asafo-Agyei represented Kumasi North from 1959 until 1965 when he became the member of parliament for the Manhyia constituency.
While in parliament, he was appointed deputy minister for Agriculture and in 1965 he was appointed minister for Fisheries (a new ministry that had been created at the time).
He served in this capacity until February 1966 when the Nkrumah government was overthrown.
Rahul Gunasekera
Rahul Gunasekera (born 24 May 2001) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his List A debut on 15 December 2019, for Nugegoda Sports Welfare Club in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament.
Making a Killing
Making a Killing is a 2018 Canadian-American crime-mystery film co-written, co-produced and directed by Devin Hume.
The movie starting Mike Starr, Jude Moran, Michael Jai White and Christopher Lloyd was limited release in Los Angeles on August 10, 2018.
When Arthur and Vincent Herring are asked to keep a collection of rare coins worth a fortune, they plan never return the collection to its owner.
Kimber Myers from the Los Angeles Times called the film "a cheap Nevada Barr knockoff that lacks suspense, or a dusty paperback thriller you'd find at a rest stop."
Matthew Pejkovic writing for "Matt's Movie Reviews" gave the film 3 out of 5 stars, stating: "Featuring a dynamic central performance from Michael Jai White, "Making a Killing" is a true crime story that has the characters and plot that will suck you into its stranger than fiction tale."
Rich Cline from the "Shadows on the Wall" gave the movie 4 out of 5 stars and said: "Each of the characters bristles with life, making their conversations edgy and unpredictable.
The actors have a great time playing with the detailed characterisations."
Semyonovsky Uyezd
Semyonovsky Uyezd ("Семёновский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Nizhny Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the northern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Semyonov.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Semyonovsky Uyezd had a population of 111,388.
Of these, 99.9% spoke Russian as their native language.
Roberta Byrd Barr
Roberta Byrd Barr (January 4, 1919 – June 23, 1993) was an American civil rights activist, television personality, educator, and librarian.
From the mid 1960s to the early 1970s, she hosted a weekly Seattle television show, "Face to Face", which featured guest speakers discussing issues such as race, education, and welfare.
In 1973 she became the first woman principal of a high school in Seattle.
Roberta Spencer was born in Tacoma, Washington on January 4, 1919.
She attended Lincoln High School and Wilberforce University.
She also attended the New School of Social Research.
She later earned a bachelor's degree in sociology and elementary education as well as a master's degree in librarianship from the University of Washington.
Barr worked as a teacher and librarian in a number of schools within Seattle.
During the Seattle school boycott of 1966, she headed one of the Freedom Schools that were set up in protest of the lack of progress towards desegregation.
That same year, she was appointed to the Washington State Board Against Discrimination.
She was appointed vice principal of Franklin High School in 1968, after 150 students held a sit-in protesting the expulsion of black female students who chose to wear their hair in a natural style.
In 1973 Barr became the principal of Lincoln High School, becoming both the first woman and the first African American to be a principal in the Seattle Public Schools district.
Barr's career in acting began when she starred in a Cirque Theatre production of A Raisin in the Sun alongside Greg Morris.
She hosted a KCTS-TV show named "Let's Imagine" where she told stories for young children.
She moderated an audience participation show called "Face to Face" on KING-TV from 1965-1970 and on KCTS from 1971-1972.
Barr interviewed people who were considered too radical for other television shows, including Cesar Chavez.
The show's producer, Jean Walkinshaw, described Barr as waking "up the community to all kinds of things that had been overlooked."
Seattle advocacy organization Byrd Barr Place (originally Central Area Motivation Program) was renamed in 2018 to honor Barr, who was at one time a writer for the group's monthly newsletter; the organization focuses on improving the lives of low-income people throughout Washington State.
Barr's photo hangs in the Douglass-Truth Branch of the Seattle Public Library to honor her efforts to promote the development of the library's African-American Collection.
Naci Ünüvar
Naci Ünüvar (born 13 June 2003) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a forward for Jong Ajax.
Born in the Netherlands, Ünüvar is of Turkish descent.
He is a youth international for the Netherlands.
Yeo Sang-kyoo
Yeo Sang-kyoo (Korean: 여상규, born 15 September 1948) is a South Korean judge, lawyer and politician.
He is the incumbent Member of National Assembly for Sacheon-Namhae-Hadong, as well as the Chairman of the Legislation and Judiciary Committee.
Born in Hadong, Yeo was educated at Akyang Primary School, Akyang Secondary School, and Kyungnam High School.
He earned a bachelor's degree in law from Seoul National University.
After the graduation, he passed the judicial examination in 1978, and was appointed as a judge of the Seoul Central District Court in 1980.
In 1990, he switched to the Seoul High Court and worked at there for 3 years.
Yeo is also the incumbent director of the Bang Il-young Cultural Foundation since 1993.
After working at several organisations, Yeo was brought to the Grand National Party (GNP), prior to the 2008 election.
He was selected as a MP candidate for Namhae-Hadong, replacing the incumbent Park Hui-tae.
He defeated Kim Doo-kwan (Independent) and Kim Yoon-gon (FPPU).
In 2012 election, Yeo ran for newly-created Sacheon-Namhae-Hadong constituency, and won the election.
Few months after the re-election in 2016, he left Saenuri Party (Liberty Korea Party since February 2017) and joined Bareun Party.
However, he returned to Liberty Korea Party on 2 May 2017 and endorsed Hong Joon-pyo for the upcoming presidential election.
On 27 January 2018, "Unanswered Questions" of SBS reported that Suk Dal-yoon was convicted of letting spy in 1981, where Yeo was the judge in charge.
In the programme, Suk's son, Suk Kwon-ho, explained that his father was tortured by the Korean Central Intelligence Agency, such as putting a ballpoint pen refill into his penis.
Following are the telephone conversation between Yeo and the programme emcee.
Following his reaction, several Democratic MPs including Son Hye-won, Jin Sun-mee and Jung Chung-rae condemned him.
Jin called his reaction as "disgusting", whereas Jung criticised him as "disrespectful".
Kwon Sung-joo, the spokesperson of the Bareun Party, urged him to apologise.
1926–27 Dundalk F.C.
season
Dundalk G.N.R.
made their debut in the Free State League, the top tier of Irish football, in 1926–27.
They had played the previous four seasons in the Leinster Senior League.
The team was managed by Joe McCleery, previously of Belfast Celtic F.C., who used his connections to Northern Irish football to ensure a supply of players for the season ahead.
Home matches were played at the Dundalk Athletic Grounds (a facility near the town centre shared by several sporting codes), but on weekends when the Athletic Grounds were unavailable, matches would usually move to the Carroll's Recreation Ground.
On 15 June 1926 Dundalk G.N.R.
were elected to the Free State League to replace Pioneers, as the nascent League looked to spread to the provinces.
As it was entering its sixth season, nine clubs had already dropped out of the Free State League, so the challenge facing the new club was great.
The cost of travel was one of the biggest issues facing provincial clubs in the League, and the club had sought support from its parent company, the Great Northern Railway (Ireland), with regard to travel expenses, but were refused.
Three players were retained from the Leinster Senior League squad - Joey Quinn, Paddy McMahon and Hugh Craig.
The season opened with the 18-match League schedule, and on 21 August 1926 the team travelled to Cork to face fellow works-team Fordsons in the opening match of the season.
The 30-strong group of players, officials and supporters who travelled were treated to a tour of the Ford factory before the game.
The result was a 2–1 defeat for the new boys in a match the "Cork Examiner" described as being "one of the best ever seen in Ballinlough", Joey Quinn with Dundalk's first ever Free State League goal.
Their first win would come at home to Jacobs on 19 September.
They only managed two points away from home, including one in the first ever league match in Glenmalure Park, and finished their first league season in eighth position.
The nine-match League of Ireland Shield schedule commenced after Christmas, again with a visit to Cork to play Fordsons.
The team managed two home wins and a draw, finishing seventh.
Old Leinster Senior League rivals, Drumcondra, defeated them in a replay in the first round of the Leinster Senior Cup; while a heavy defeat to Bohemians saw them exit the FAI Cup in the first round, with the result that a number of players were released, including Quinn.
A total of 47 players lined out for the team during the season, 11 of whom appeared only once, as manager McCleery tapped into his Northern Irish connections in his attempts to build a competitive side.
Only two players would be retained for the following season - Gordon McDiarmuid (who had joined early in the Shield campaign) and Fred Norwood.
Source:Note: Only players making a minimum of five appearances included
Dardan Dreshaj
Dardan Dreshaj (born 4 August 1992) is a Norwegian football striker who plays for Flekkerøy IL.
Of Kosovan descent, his parents migrated to Norway in 1990.
Dreshaj was born in Levanger, but grew up in Mandal.
After playing youth and B team football for Mandalskameratene and Start he made his debut for Start in the 2011 Eliteserien game against Haugesund, scoring Start's only goal.
The next year he got league 7 games, now in the 2012 1. divisjon.
From 2013 to 2016 he spent one season each in Flekkerøy, Fram, Arendal and Follo, always scoring double figures in league and cup combined.
In 2017 he rejoined Flekkerøy and scored 24 goals in 25 league games.
Dirk Proper
Dirk Wanner Proper (born 24 February 2002) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for NEC.
Deepfake pornography
Deepfake pornography, or simply fake pornography, is a type of synthetic porn that is generated using deepfake technology.
Many deepfakes on the internet feature pornography of people, often female celebrities whose likeness is typically used without their consent.
Deepfake pornography prominently surfaced on the Internet in 2017, particularly on Reddit.
The first one that captured attention was the Daisy Ridley deepfake, which was featured in several articles.
Other prominent pornographic deepfakes were of various other celebrities.
In December 2017, Samantha Cole published an article about r/deepfakes in "Vice" that drew the first mainstream attention to deepfakes being shared in online communities.
Six weeks later, Cole wrote in a follow-up article about the large increase in AI-assisted fake pornography.
Since 2017, Samantha Cole of Vice has published a series of articles covering news surrounding deepfake pornography.
Since then, multiple social media outlets have banned or made efforts to restrict deepfake pornography.
Most notably, the r/deepfakes subreddit on Reddit was banned on February 7, 2018, due to the policy violation of "involuntary pornography".
In the same month, representatives from Twitter stated that they would suspend accounts suspected of posting non-consensual deepfake content.
Scarlett Johansson, a frequent subject of deepfake porn, spoke publicly about the subject to "The Washington Post" in December 2018.
In a prepared statement, she expressed that despite concerns, she would not attempt to remove any of her deepfakes, due to her belief that they do not affect her public image and that differing laws across countries and the nature of internet culture make any attempt to remove the deepfakes "a lost cause".
While celebrities like herself are protected by their fame, however, she believes that deepfakes pose a grave threat to women of lesser prominence who could have their reputations damaged by depiction in involuntary deepfake pornography or revenge porn.
In June 2019, a downloadable Windows and Linux application called DeepNude was released which used neural networks, specifically generative adversarial networks, to remove clothing from images of women.
The app had both a paid and unpaid version, the paid version costing $50.
On June 27 the creators removed the application and refunded consumers.
On January 31st, 2018, Gfycat began removing all deepfakes from its site.
In February 2018, r/deepfakes was banned by Reddit for sharing involuntary pornography.
Other websites have also banned the use of deepfakes for involuntary pornography, including the social media platform Twitter and the pornography site Pornhub.
However, some websites have not yet banned Deepfake content, including 4chan and 8chan.
Also in February 2018, Pornhub said that it would ban deepfake videos on its website because it is considered “non consensual content” which violates their terms of service.
They also stated previously to Mashable that they will take down content flagged as deepfakes.
Writers from Motherboard from Buzzfeed News reported that searching “deepfakes” on Pornhub still returned multiple recent deepfake videos.
Chat site Discord has taken action against deepfakes in the past, and has taken a general stance against deepfakes..
In September 2018, Google added "involuntary synthetic pornographic imagery” to its ban list, allowing anyone to request the block of results showing their fake nudes.
Sergachsky Uyezd
Sergachsky Uyezd ("Сергачский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Nizhny Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the southeastern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Sergach.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Sergachsky Uyezd had a population of 159,117.
Of these, 73.8% spoke Russian, 17.1% Tatar and 8.9% Mordvin as their native language.
Bras de Ross (Brébeuf Lake)
The Bras de Ross (English: Ross's Arm) is a tributary of Brébeuf Lake, flowing in the municipality of Ferland-et-Boilleau and Rivière-Éternité, in the Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The lower part of the Ross Valley is integrated into the zec du Lac-Bébeuf.
The "Bras de Ross" Valley is served by Chemin du Lac-Brébeuf which serves the southwest shore of Brébeuf Lake, for forestry, agriculture and recreotourism activities.
Some secondary forest roads serve this valley.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of "Bras de Ross" is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however the safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds adjacent to "Bras de Ross" are:
The "Bras de Ross" rises at the mouth of Lac du Berger (length: ; altitude: ) in a valley between the mountains.
This lake is fed on the south side by the outlet of "Lac en Trèfle", Lac Long and "Lac à la Boule".
The mouth of "Lac du Berger" is located at:
From the mouth of "Lac du Berger", the course of "Bras de Ross" descends on , according to a drop of according to the following segments:
Upper course of "Bras de Ross" (segment of )
Lower course of "Bras de Ross" (segment of )
The "Bras de Ross" pours into the bottom of a bay on the southwest shore of the western part of Brébeuf Lake.
This mouth is located at:
From the confluence of "bras de Ross", the current:
The term "Ross" is a family name of English origin.
The toponym "bras de Ross" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Kenneth Okolie
Kenneth Obinna Okolie (born February 21, 1984) is a Nigerian actor and model who was crowned Mr Nigeria in 2010 and in 2015 won the "City People Movie Award for Best Supporting Actor of the Year (English) at the City People Entertainment Awards."
Okolie is a native of Ihiala in Anambra state a southeastern geographical area of Nigeria predominantly occupied by the igbo people of Nigeria.
Okolie is the first born child of his parents and has three siblings.
He graduated with a B.Sc.
degree from Valley View University in Ghana.
Okolie before his debut into the Nigerian movie industry began as a model in 2006, in which he described as a coincidence as he merely escorted a friend to an audition for models and never intended to participate in the auditioning process but was compelled to audition by those conducting the audition of which he accepted their request and auditioned.
He was successful in the audition and was selected hence debuting his career as a model.
In 2010, four years after debuting his modeling career, Okolie participated in the Mr Nigeria male pageant and won.
Okolie after winning the pageant, proceeded to the Mister World pageant and emerged as the second runner.
Okolie debuted into the Nigerian movie industry in 2011.
Okolie described his venture into the Nigerian movie industry as a coincidence as well as he never intended to be an actor.
Okolie won the "City People Movie Award for Best Supporting Actor of the Year (English) at the City People Entertainment Awards."
Okolie married Nwaka Jessica in 2017 and in 2019 gave birth to their first child.
In 2012 Okolie travelled to Owerri which is the capital of Imo state for the purpose of shooting a movie alongside Nollywood colleague; Nkiru Sylvanus.
It was reported that on December 15th both Okolie and Nkiru Sylvanus had been abducted and a ransom of ₦100,000,000 (One hundred million naira) which was per exchange rate in 2012 equivalent to $640,000 (Six Hundred and forty thousand U.S dollars) was demanded by their captors in exchange for their release.
On December 21 2012 at 10:30pm on the 6th day since their kidnap Okolie and co-actor Nkiru Sylvanus were released from captivity and regained freedom.
The amount eventually paid in exchange for their release was never reported by the Nigerian media.
Ihor Tsvietov
Ihor Tsvietov (born 2 March 1994) is a Ukrainian Paralympic athlete with cerebral palsy.
He won two gold medals at the 2016 Summer Paralympics: in the men's 100 metres T35 event and in the men's 200 metres T35 event.
He is scheduled to compete in these events at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
He won the gold medal in the men's 100 metres T35 and men's 200 metres T35 events at the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships.
He also won the gold medal in these events at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
Tsvietov also won the gold medals in the men's 100 metres T35 and men's 200 metres T35 events at the 2018 World Para Athletics European Championships.
In both events he was the only medalist as there were only two competitors, Tsvietov and Jordan Howe, in these events.
At the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships he set a new world record time of 11.07s in the men's 100 metres T35 event and also a new world record time of 23.04s in the men's 200 m T35 event.
Magni Smedås
Magni Smedås (born 17 June 1995) is a Norwegian cross-country skier.
She competed in three events at the 2013 European Youth Olympic Winter Festival, collecting 17th and 23rd places.
She made her World Cup debut in February 2019 in the sprint event at Cogne, collecting her first World Cup points with a 25th place.
Competing in three more World Cup races on the 2018–2019 circuit, she made her breakthrough in December 2019 when finishing 8th in the 10 kilometres event in Davos.
She represents the sports club Lillehammer SK.
She hails from Os i Østerdalen and is a second cousin of Therese Johaug.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Maria Gabriela Batistela
Maria Gabriela Batistela is a Brazilian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Earth Brazil 2019.
She represented Brazil at Miss Earth 2019 and was unplaced.
Maria was born in Campos Novos Paulista, São Paulo, Brazil.
She is the daughter of farmer Lucas Batistela Neto and Andréia Aparecida Hespanhol Batistela.
She has a brother Lucas Hespanhol Batistela, an agronomist who works in Patos de Minas, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
Her family has been living in Ourinhos, São Paulo since 2001.
She went to EMEF José Maria Paschoalick for her basic education and high school.
In 2018, she graduated in Agribusiness from FATEC, Faculty of Technology of Ourinhos.
She is currently in her 2nd year of Accounting Sciences at UNIFIO, University Center of Integrated Faculties of Ourinhos.
Maria started her career at 15, she took a modeling course in Bauru and photographic book.
In 2017, she won Queen of Fapi.
In 2018, she was crowned Miss Ourinhos.
On 25 May 2019, Maria was crowned winner of Miss Earth Brazil 2019 at a ceremony held in Auditório Dr. Marcelo Vianna, Sete Lagoas, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
On 26 October 2019, Maria represented Brazil at Miss Earth 2019 and was unplaced.
Anne Kjersti Kalvå
Anne Kjersti Kalvå (born 5 June 1992) is a Norwegian cross-country skier.
She competed at the 2012 Nordic Junior World Ski Championships, managing a 34th and 52nd place, also placing lowly at the 2014 Nordic U23 World Ski Championships, but ultimately recording a fifth and ninth place at the 2015 Nordic U23 World Ski Championships.
She made her World Cup debut in March 2013 in the sprint event in Drammen, ending 51st.
She collected her first World Cup points with a 28th place in January 2017 in Toblach, and broke the top 20 for the first time with a 19th place in the 30 km event in Holmenkollen in March 2017.
In the 2017–18 Tour de Ski she managed an eight place in the Oberstdorf leg of the tour, and a 22nd place overall.
Another eight place followed in December 2019, in the sprint event in Davos.
She represents the sports club Lundamo IL.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
New Zealand Masters (snooker)
The New Zealand Masters was a non-ranking snooker tournament staged on three occasions between 1984 and 1989 when the British circuit was in its close season.
The first event was held in July 1984 at the Kingsgate Convention Centre in Auckland, and saw Jimmy White defeat Kirk Stevens 5–3 in the final.
There was a gap of four years before the final two events were held, both in the Legislative Chamber of the New Zealand Parliament.
The final of the first event in 1988 was won by Stephen Hendry, defeating Mike Hallett 6-1, while the final tournament in 1989 saw Willie Thorne defeat Joe Johnson 7–4 in the final.
György Komáromi
György Komáromi (born 19 January 2002) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Puskás Akadémia.
Walter D. Reed
Walter Dudley Reed (born June 1, 1924) was a major general in the United States Air Force.
He was the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General from 1977 to 1980.
He holds law degrees from the Drake University Law School as well as McGill University, and also attended The Hague Academy of International Law in the Netherlands.
Peter Richman (MP)
Peter Richman (fl.
1407) was an English Member of Parliament for Lyme Regis in 1407.
Peter Sterling
Peter Sterling may refer to:
Thomas B. Bruton
Thomas B. Bruton (born August 30, 1930) was a major general in the United States Air Force.
He was the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General from 1980 to 1985.
He holds a law degree from the University of Colorado Law School and master's degrees from George Washington University and Auburn University.
Mihály Kata
Mihály Kata (born 13 April 2002) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for MTK.
1984 New Zealand Masters
The 1984 Winfield New Zealand Masters was a professional invitational snooker tournament, which took place in July 1984 at the Kingsgate Convention Centre in Auckland, New Zealand].
It was the first professional snooker tournament to be held in the country.
Jimmy White won the tournament beating Kirk Stevens 5–3 in the final.
List of crime-related publications
The following is a list of crime-related publications.
Chinese Latin American cuisine
Chinese Latin American or Chino-Latino cuisine, associated with Asian Latin Americans of Chinese origin, combines elements of Chinese cuisine with other Latin American influences.
It is found in Chinese communities and Chinatowns across Latin America, including Peru (where it is known as chifa) and Cuba.
It has spread to the United States with the migration of Asian Latin Americans, particularly the migration of Chinese Cubans to New York City.
Chinese Cuban cuisine stems from the earliest migration of Chinese migrants to Cuba in the mid-1800s.
Due to a labor shortage, close to 125,000 indentured or contract Chinese Laborers arrived in Cuba between 1847 and 1874.
The laborers or coolies were almost exclusively male, and most worked on sugar plantations alongside enslaved Africans.
Tens of thousands of Chinese who survived indenture and remained on the island during the 1870s and 1880s now had more physical, occupational, and even social mobility.
They joined gangs of agricultural laborers, grew vegetables in the countryside, peddled goods, and worked as artisans or at unskilled jobs in town.
Core aspects of Cuban and Chinese food are similar in their use of white meats such as pork and starches such as rice.
The Cuban-Chinese cuisine itself is the cultivation of the food culture of both countries within one restaurant.
The Chinese aspect brings dishes such as fried rice, chow mein or shrimp with black bean sauce, while the Cuban aspect brings dishes such as ropa vieja or platanos maduros.
Both have ingredients that help distinguish their dishes.
In Chinese cooking vegetables such bok choy, amaranth or broccoli play a big role in the development of popular Chinese dishes such as a stir fry.
The Chinese style of cooking also relies a lot on oils, sauces and vinegars; including the most commonly known soy sauce as well as others such as rice vinegar, sesame oil and oyster sauce.
The Cuban style uses spices such as garlic, cumin, oregano, bay leaf and cilantro, while also using vegetables like onions, bell peppers and tomatoes.
One of the oldest and largest Chinatowns is located in Havana, known as .
Most Chinese merchant communities were forced to relocate after the Cuban Revolution.
Chino-Latino cuisine in New York City is primarily associated with Chinese Cubans who immigrated following the Cuban Revolution.
Despite that fact Chino-Latino restaurants are rarely found in the Chinatowns of the United States.
On the contrary, they tend to be concentrated in the Spanish-speaking areas of the five boroughs.
The distinct Cuban-Chinese or Latino Chino identity wasn't found in New York City until the late 1960s and early 1970s when thousands of Chinese remigrated to the United States.
Local conditions, including political and economic instability, have caused the remigration of Chinese to the United States from other parts of Latin America, including Peru, Nicaragua, Venezuela, and Ecuador.
When arriving into the United States, a country in which binary racial categories had now been geared toward the racial segregation of Latinos and Asians which has slowly began to be accepted.
Individuals that had previously owned restaurant locals in Cuba's "Barrio Chino de la Habana", initiated the adjustment to personal preference.
Once these previous business owners arrived and settled in East Harlem, people began to establish new businesses based on the immersion within foods they have learned when cultured in Cuba, to honor their heritage and establish their economic stability.
For incoming immigrants, these restaurants had a homelike feeling due to the authentic qualities and similarities between their settling area and their home country.
It had been a minimal aspect of their home country such as, food that allows people to feel comfortable and adapt within their area of settlement.
However, just as this concept had emerged in an accepting manner within present day these restaurants are considered to be disappearing this is due to the lack of the Chinese population migrating directly from Cuba in order to keep the tradition upheld.
The last Chinese migration directly from Cuba had occurred in 1959, which has caused doubt on how much longer part of the Cuban and Chinese culture can progress.
The process of acculturization allowed the younger generations to lose touch of their roots, compared to others who want to stand by where they come in order to keep heritage alive.
Robert W. Norris
Robert W. Norris (born May 22, 1932) was a major general in the United States Air Force.
He was the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General from 1985 to 1988.
He holds a law degree from the University of Alabama Law School and The George Washington University Law School.
Dybsø
Dybsø is an uninhabited Danish island, with an area of 1.34 km, located south east of Zealand in the Baltic Sea.
The island, which since 1976 is owned by the state is part of the Dybsø Fjord wildlife reserve.
Csaba Mester
Csaba Mester (born 12 August 2002) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Young Violets.
Georgi Tunjov
Georgi Tunjov (born 17 April 2001) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club SPAL.
Tunjov started out playing for hometown team Narva Trans.
In March 2018, he joined SPAL academy.
Tunjov made his debut in the Serie A on 15 December 2019, coming on as a 73rd-minute substitute in the 1–3 away loss to Roma.
Eric Spina
Eric Spina is an American engineer and academic administrator who has served as president of the University of Dayton since July 1, 2016.
Spina was born and raised in Buffalo, New York, where he attended Canisius High School.
Spina earned his bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from Carnegie Mellon University, followed by a master's degree and Ph.D in aerospace engineering from Princeton University.
Spina began his career at Syracuse University, where he was a faculty member in the College of Engineering & Computer Science.
He later became dean of the department, and later served as vice chancellor and provost of the university.
In 2013, Spina served as president.
Spina was selected as the University of Dayton's 19th president in the summer of 2015.
He officially took office in July 2016.
In 2018, Spina's contract was extended through 2024.
1988 New Zealand Masters
The 1988 Lion Brown New Zealand Masters was a professional invitational snooker tournament which took place in July 1988 at the Legislative Chamber of the New Zealand Parliament in Wellington, New Zealand].
Stephen Hendry won the tournament beating Mike Hallett 6–1 in the final.
Olowalu Massacre
Olowalu Massacre was a deadly massacre in 1790.
In 1789, Captain Simon Metcalfe set out on a maritime fur trading mission with two ships: the large "Eleanora", and the tender , a schooner under command of his son Thomas Humphrey Metcalfe.
The "Fair American" was captured by the Spanish during the Nootka Crisis and taken to Mexico, but quickly released.
The Metcalfes had earlier agreed to rendezvous in the Hawaiian Islands at Kealakekua Bay.
The "Eleanora" had arrived by January 1790, and met chief Kameeiamoku who boarded the ship to welcome them.
Something he did must have offended Simon Metcalfe, who had the chief flogged.
This was to have severe consequences later.
The "Eleanora" then sailed north to the island of Maui to trade and resupply.
One night a small boat was stolen and the night watchman was killed.
Captain Metcalfe fired his cannons into the village, and captured a few Hawaiians who told him the boat was taken by people from the village of Olowalu.
He sailed to Olowalu but found that boat had been broken up for its nails.
Nails were treasured in ancient Hawaii, which lacked metal smelting technology.
Metcalfe invited the villagers to meet the ship, indicating he wanted to trade with them.
However, he had all the cannons loaded and ready on the side where he directed the canoes to approach.
They opened fire, killing about one hundred Hawaiians, and wounded many others.
About five or six weeks later the "Fair American" arrived at the Island of Hawaii where Kameeiamoku was waiting at Kaūpūlehu.
The schooner's crew of five were easily overwhelmed and four were killed, including Thomas Metcalfe.
The lone survivor was Isaac Davis.
King Kamehameha I found out about the incident when another sailor, John Young, was captured by Kamehameha's men when he came ashore from the "Eleanora" to inquire about the "Fair American".
Kamehameha decided to spare the lives of Davis and Young, who became valued military advisors during his subsequent battles and negotiations with later visitors.
The muskets of the "Fair American" were salvaged and the schooner refloated.
Simon Metcalfe eventually left the island without realizing that he had indirectly caused his own son's death.
1947 Wiley Wildcats football team
The 1947 Wiley Wildcats football team was an American football team that represented Wiley College in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1947 college football season.
In their 25th season under head coach Fred T. Long, the team compiled a 5–3–1 record (3–3–1 against conference opponents), finished in fifth place in the SWAC, and outscored opponents by a total of 126 to 58.
Southern ranked No.
8 among the nation's black college football teams according to the "Pittsburgh Courier" and its Dickinson Rating System.
On October 25, 1947, the team played its first night game at Wiley Field against the Lane Dragons.
Highland Park, Holyoke, Massachusetts
Highland Park is a neighborhood in Holyoke, Massachusetts located to the northwest of the city center, approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) from downtown, on the banks of the Connecticut River.
The neighborhood features Jones Park, originally itself known as Highland Park, which was designed by the influential Olmsted Brothers firm.
The residential neighborhood was initially developed as a streetcar suburb by the Highland Park Improvement Association, which underwent several iterations between 1893 and 1930.
Today the neighborhood contains numerous Victorian and early 20th century housing and about of residential zoning, as well as the Edward Nelson White School.
The first Highland Park Improvement Association, comprising Watson Whittlesey, W. H. Brooks, E. H. Cummings, and Ashley B.
Tower gave the area its name and devised the first street plans and building lots around February 1893 as an upscale housing development.
Within a year of their first meetings, ultimately their plans, including a bridge across the river decades before the Muller Bridge, would fall apart, and Whittlesey would see litigation taken against him by his associates.
The Highland Park Improvement Association dissolved shortly after the splitting of its associates, and in 1896 the land was deeded to the firm Whitcomb & Pearsons, who laid out the initial plots and tentative roads, keeping with the idea that the suburb was one for mill management and an upper-middle class.
In 1909, Whitcomb would leave the project and the firm Plimpton, Pearsons, and Richards would assume the development role.
That same year, Samuel Osborne Hoyt arrived in the city.
A developer himself, he would work under the new firm until in 1914 he bought out the shares of his associates and made it his own contracting firm.
Although the neighborhood began with a more turbulent history, within ten years Hoyt would become known as the "father of Highland Park" in the way that other streetcar suburbs like Oakdale and Springdale had their own respective developer-founder figures.
Highland Park would largely be shaped after 1909, as in that same year the city would purchase Smith's Ferry to the north, from Northampton, and the Olmsted Brothers were commissioned to design Jones Point Park, previously identified on maps as Highland Park or "Monte Vista".
In 1909, Pleasant Street was opened as a public thoroughfare north of the dingle, as the "Ivy League" streets were gradually built out with more residences.
In 1910, the remaining undeveloped tracts to the north would host a grand exhibition for the aviation stunts of Charles F. Willard.
In the history of aviation, Willard was the first barnstormer, first person to fly 3 passengers in the United States, and first person to be shot out of the sky by a bullet— that of an annoyed farmer.
Willard's feats would attract a crowd of more than 7,000 for the YMCA benefit exhibition, and thousands more would view his escapades from South Hadley and boats on the Connecticut River.
It was reported that 24 streetcars were dedicated to moving out the crowd at the show's conclusion.
By 1911, the Holyoke Street Railway was being extended through the neighborhood along Pleasant street toward Northampton Street and Mountain Park.
Although not well documented, at some point leading up to 1911, the neighborhood was also considered as a railway stop for the Boston and Maine Railroad, whose former tracks run between its homes and the Connecticut River.
In 1913 the new neighborhood's residents began to organize, hosting banquets and plays, forming the Highland Park Club.
Seeking a clubhouse and amphitheater, Hoyt and his associates would donate a plot of land at 250 Pleasant Street to the club for these purposes, and before 1919 a club house in the Tudor Revival style was constructed on that spot.
Up through the mid 1920s the community house would serve as a social space for neighborhood dances, mayoral political campaigns, and even received Second Lady Grace Coolidge for a reception after her husband had become Warren G. Harding's Vice-President.
In 1923, the community house began functioning as a private school, known as the Lovering School, and was partially reconstructed after a fire that same year.
It would continue to be used in this capacity until its last class graduated in 1939, and was converted to a private residence thereafter.
1989 New Zealand Masters
The 1989 Lion Brown New Zealand Masters was a professional invitational snooker tournament which took place in August 1989 at the Legislative Chamber of the New Zealand Parliament in Wellington, New Zealand].
Willie Thorne won the tournament beating Joe Johnson 7–4 in the final.
Fatih Mehmet Maçoğlu
Fatih Mehmet Maçoğlu is a Turkish politician of Zaza descent of the Communist Party of Turkey.
He is currently the mayor of Tunceli.
He was elected mayor of Ovacık in 2014, where he was known for implementing initiatives like free public transport and agricultural projects such as bee keeping and cultivating chickpeas with which gains university students were supported.
He also encouraged the opening of several libraries in Oveacık In the local elections in 2019, he was elected mayor of Tunceli, the provinces capital.
OFB (group)
OFB, also known as Original Farm Boys, is a UK drill music group based in Broadwater Farm, Tottenham, North London.
OFB is among one of the most prominent UK drill groups.
Headie One (formerly Headz) and RV (formerly Young RV) are among the most prominent members of the group.
They were both originally rappers in Star Gang, a road rap group from the 2000s and split-off from the Tottenham Mandem gang.
RV and Headie One have frequently collaborated with each other, including co-releasing the mixtapes "Sticks & Stones" (2016) and "Drillers x Trappers" (2017).
In February 2018, Headie One released his solo mixtape, "The One".
The mixtape included the song "Know Better" featuring RV, which became an "underground hit".
This was followed by another solo mixtape, "The One Two", in June 2018, which entered the UK Albums Chart at number 32.
Bandokay, DoubleLz, and SJ form a sub-group within OFB, initially using the name Y.OFB (Young OFB) signifying their status as younger members of the group, before later dropping the "Y."
and co-opting the "OFB" prefix older members of the group used.
OFB rapper Bandokay, whos real name is Kemani Duggan, is the son of Mark Duggan, a British man from Broadwater Farm who was shot dead by police in 2011, the result of which led to the 2011 England Riots.
Bandokay credited music for keeping him away from crime, and stated his desire to be away from police as a motivator:Whenever [the police] see me, they stop me, I get what they’re trying to do – they’re trying to take weapons.
But I know they purposely stop me more than anyone else.
They know who I am.
They know who my dad is.
So that’s why I’m trying to go through music and do something positive, so they don’t have nothing to say about me.Bandokay credited fellow OFB rapper Headie One as a major influence, as well as UK drill group 67.
In January 2019, Headie One released "18Hunna", featuring Dave, which entered the UK chart at number 6 - the highest a drill artist has ever charted.
Following RV's release from prison, on 22 March 2019, RV and Headie One released a third mixtape called "Drillers x Trappers II".
It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 21.
"Match Day", the first single from the mixtape, entered the Singles Chart at number 86.
He publicly revealed his face for the first time in the music video "Why Always Me".
In 2019, the OFB released their first collective mixtape titled "Frontstreet", named after a road in Broadwater Farm that locals call "Front Street".
Dazed Digital called the mixtape "one of the best British debuts of the decade".
In 2019, following the release of (OFB member) SJ's "Youngest In Charge", it was revealed SJ was currently facing trial for a murder charge and had been arrested.
Like many other drill groups, OFB has had its songs taken down by YouTube at request of the metropolitan police.
In 2019, OFB's own YouTube channel was also taken down, before later being reinstated the next day.
Bandokay stated they were trying to clean up their music in order to avoid takedowns.
The list below includes confirmed members of OFB:
Kurowskybob Pierre
Kurowskybob 'Bobby' Fertil-Pierre (born 28 August 2002), is a Haitian-American soccer player who plays as a defender for Real Salt Lake.
A member of the academy of Real Salt Lake, Pierre made his professional debut on September 21, 2019 for their USL Championship affiliate Real Monarchs by going the distance in a start against Rio Grande Valley FC.
Pierre is eligible for the United States and Haiti, having been born and raised in the U.S. and of Haitian descent.
In 2019, he played eight total matches for Haiti U17 in the 2019 CONCACAF U-17 Championship and 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
On January 8, 2020, he was called up for the first time to United States U20 for their January friendlies.
Jean Deloche
Jean Deloche (19 September 1929 – 3 December 2019) was a French teacher and researcher and correspondent for the French School of the Far East in Pondicherry, India.
Jean Deloche first traveled to India in 1951, when he went on a trip on foot with his wife.
He resumed studying history upon his return to France in 1954.
From 1961 to 1962, Deloche was a teacher at Suryavarman II school in Siem Reap, Cambodia.
From 1962 to 1966, he was director of the Alliance Française of Madras.
In 1966, he joined the French School of the Far East as a researcher.
He did additional research independently in Pondicherry.
In 1982, he obtained his doctorate in humanities.
From 1992 to 1994, he directed the center for history and archaeology at the EFEO.
He was an associate member of the EFEO and the French Institute of Pondicherry.
Jean Deloche died on 3 December 2019.
Deloche focused on two different areas of history throughout his career: the study of 18th century French manuscripts regarding the political, economic, and social history of India, and the study of the history of Indian technology.
His studies uncovered many previous lost parts of Indian history, and created many connections between India and France.
Additionally, he carried out studies on military techniques of the Hoysala Empire using iconographic documents.
In 2008, Deloche won the Prix Hirayama, given by the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres in Paris.
Rondo (2018 film)
Rondo is a 2018 American thriller film written and directed by Drew Barnhardt.
The movie was first shown on July 7, 2018, at the Fantasia Film Festival and was released on video and on demand on May 7, 2019.
A veteran gets involved in a world of sex, crime, and murder when he's given a special and mysterious drug.
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Rondo has an approval rating of 80% based on 10 reviews.
Patrick Bromley from Bloody Disgusting gave the film 4 out of 5 and wrote: "It may ultimately be an exploitation movie, but I love exploitation - especially when it's as smart, as unpredictable, and as nasty as Rondo is."
Anton Bitel writing for the website "Projected Figures" stated: "Barnhardt's deft, knowingly daft handling of all these elements is a tour de force of highly assured genre filmmaking, and the mark of a real talent emerging from cinema's more perverse, less salubrious end."
Adam Patterson from the "Film Pulse" didn't like "Rondo" giving it only 3 out of 10 stars and stating: "While Rondo plays with some interesting ideas, it fails to present anything of substance, resulting in a sloppy mess of an attempt to create a modern exploitation film."
Luis Rojas (footballer)
Luis Rojas Zamora (born 6 March 2002) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Universidad de Chile.
Shinya Kumazaki
Born in the Gifu Prefecture in 1979, Kumazaki studied at the Kanazawa College of Art and the Suidobata Fine Arts Academy.
Kumazaki first joined HAL Laboratory in 2002, where some of his early roles included debugging the game "" and designer for "Kirby Air Ride" (for the levels) and "Kirby Canvas Curse" (for the battle with the final boss Drawcia).
His first game as director came in 2008 as the Nintendo DS remake "Kirby Super Star Ultra" where the original game was further expanded to include four additional sub-games and a secret final boss Marx Soul.
In 2010, he was working on the built-in software for the then-new Nintendo 3DS system when he was roped in to the development team the then unfinished "Kirby Wii" game; under his supervision the development team eventually managed to incorporate elements from the three unfinished concepts for the project and the game was finally released as "Kirby's Return to Dream Land".
Since then, Kumazaki has helmed the role of Director and later, General Director for various main "Kirby" platformers, including "Kirby's Dream Collection" 20th anniversary compilation (2012), "Kirby Triple Deluxe" (2014), "" (2016) and "Kirby Star Allies" (2018).
In addition, he has worked on the drafts of the box comics of the "BoxBoy!"
series games since 2016 and is the voice actor of King Dedede of the "Kirby" series, a callback to Masahiro Sakurai’s role as voice actor of King Dedede in "".
As general director of the "Kirby" series games, Kumazaki considers "devices, maps, and tough boss battles" the essential components of quality action games.
Kumazaki is also well-known within the "Kirby" fandom for incorporating lore (the most notable being the Ancients first mentioned in "Kirby's Return to Dream Land" by Magolor) and backstories of various characters and unifying the canon of the series through the pause screen descriptions of various bosses and interviews.
Kumazaki used to own a pet cat by the name of Tom; he sampled the voice of Tom for the voice of Star Dream, the final boss of "".
The cat died in 2017.
Kumazaki also maintains his own personal blog and a public Instagram profile.
Billie Rattigan
William Rattigan (1932 – 14 December 2019) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for club sides Dunshaughlin and Drumree and at inter-county level with the Meath senior football team.
Rattigan began his Gaelic football career with the Dunshaughlin club in the early 1950s.
He became the first secretary of the Drumree club when it was re-formed in 1957 and was a key member of the team which won the junior championship in 1959.
Rattigan was captain when Drumree won the intermediate championship in 1961 and was also involved in the intermediate championship win in 1969.
At inter-county level, Rattigan won a Leinster Championship medal in 1954 after lining out at left wing-forward in the final against Offaly.
He later won an All-Ireland medal as a non-playing substitute following the 1-13 to 1-07 defeat of Kerry.
Ann Arbor Sun
The Ann Arbor Sun was a biweekly underground newspaper founded by John Sinclair in April 1967.
The newspaper was originally called the "Warren-Forest Sun" (the name refers to the neighborhood in Detroit between Warren Avenue and Forest Avenue) before it was changed to the "Ann Arbor Sun" in 1968 when Trans-Love Energies moved to Ann Arbor.
The organization, founded by John Sinclair, his wife Leni Sinclair and artist Gary Grimshaw in 1967, set up shop in two big communal houses at 1510 and 1520 Hill St, where the "Ann Arbor Sun" was produced and edited by the members of the group.
Early issues of the paper were printed with the silk screen and mimeograph equipment of the Artists Workshop Press, which Sinclair brought with him from Detroit to Ann Arbor.
On July 28, 1969, the "Ann Arbor Sun" printed a revised copy of the White Panther's ten-point program.
The newspaper was considered to be the mouthpiece for the White Panther Party for quite some time before the newspaper transitioned to an independent publication spreading views on local issues, left-wing politics, music, and arts.
Finally in 1976, the publication of the "Ann Arbor Sun" was suspended indefinitely.
Ralph Green (MP)
Ralph Green (c.1379-1417), of Drayton, Northamptonshire, was an English Member of Parliament for Northamptonshire in October 1404 and 1410.
Rivière à la Croix (Saguenay River tributary)
The Rivière à la Croix is a tributary of the Saguenay River, flowing in the municipality of Saint-Félix-d'Otis, in the Fjord-du-Saguenay, in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in the province from Quebec, to Canada.
The valley of the "Rivière à la Croix" is served by the "Chemin de l'Anse aux érables" and the "chemin du lac à la Croix", for forestry, agriculture and recreational tourism.
Some secondary forest roads serve this valley.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
This valley contains some dwellings distributed in small deforested areas.
The surface of the Rivière à la Croix is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds neighboring the "Rivière à la Croix" are:
The Rivière à la Croix rises at the mouth of lac à la Croix (length: ; maximum width: ; altitude: ) between mountains.
This lake is fed in particular by a few mountain streams including the outlet of Lake Pitre and Lake Rond, the outlet of Lac des Cœurs, the outlet of "Lac de la Sucrerie" and "Lac Mélasse" and the outlet of Lakes Sergerie and Wellie.
This source of the watercourse is located at:
From the mouth of the lake, the course of the river at the Croix descends on with a drop of , according to the following segments:
The Rivière à la Croix flows on the south bank of the Saguenay River, ie in Anse à la Croix.
This mouth is located at:
From the confluence of the Rivière à la Croix (in "Anse à la Croix"), the current follows the course of the Saguenay River on east to Tadoussac where it merges with the Saint Lawrence estuary.
This toponym appears on a regional map dating from 1943 and on a draft map dating from 1959.
The toponym "Rivière à la Croix" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec..
David Ayala
David Ayala (born 26 July 2002) is an Argentine footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Estudiantes.
Falcon 9 booster B1051
Falcon 9 booster B1051 is a reusable Falcon 9 Block 5 first-stage booster manufactured by SpaceX.
B1051 entered service on March 2 2019, lofting the SpaceX Dragon 2 to the International Space Station.
The booster landed aboard the autonomous spaceport drone ship Of Course I Still Love You approximately nine and a half minutes after launch.
SpaceX had originally planned to use B1050 to launch the RADARSAT Constellation, however B1050 failed to land following the CRS-16 mission.
As a result, B1051 was assigned the mission.
On June 12 2019, B1051 launched from Vandenberg AFB SLC 4-E, carrying the RADARSAT Constellation into a sun-synchronous orbit.
The booster landed at Landing Zone 4 approximately eight minutes after launch.
In January 2020, the booster was used to launch 60 Starlink satellites to low Earth orbit.
This launch made B1051 the second booster (after B1046) to launch from all three launch pads of SpaceX.
Tori (name)
Tori is primarily a given name.
Notable people with the name include:
Matías Segovia
Matías Emanuel Segovia Torales (born 4 January 2003) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Club Guaraní.
The Artificial Theory for the Dramatic Beauty
The Artificial Theory for the Dramatic Beauty is the debut studio album by Japanese heavy metal band Crossfaith.
It was released on 29 April 2009 through Zestone Records and Gan-Shin.
Crossfaith
Diego Torres (footballer, born 2002)
Diego Joel Torres Garcete (born 14 October 2002) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Club Olimpia.
Jean Ducher
Jean Ducher was a French weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
1965 Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands parliamentary election
Parliamentary elections were held in the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands on 19 January 1965.
Constitutional changes for the Trust Territory were made by an order from the US Secretary of the Interior on 28 September 1964.
A bicameral Congress was established, with a 12-member House of Delegates with two members from each of the six districts and a General Assembly with seats apportioned to each district based on their population – five from Truk four from the Marshall Islands and Ponape, three from Mariana Islands and Palau and two from Yap.
This replaced the previous Council of Micronesia, which had been based outside the Trust Territory in Guam.
A total of 28 candidates contested the House of Delegates elections, with six running in both Palau and Ponape, and four in the Marshalls, Marianas, Truk and Yap.
Of the 41,473 people thought to be eligible to vote, 35,506 registered to do so.
Of these, 25,079 people voted.
Following the elections, Tosiwo Nakayama was elected as the President of the House of Delegates.
Goin' Places (song)
"Goin' Places" is a song written by Gamble and Huff and recorded by The Jacksons for their twelfth album, "Goin' Places".
Released as a single a few weeks after the album was released, it peaked at #52 on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 12, 1977.
Michel Mertens
Michel Mertens (30 January 1902 – 23 December 1971) was a Luxembourgian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Pierre Akono
Pierre Ramses Pe Akono (born 29 June 2000), is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Belgian side K.A.S.
Eupen.
Hartwell Tavern
Hartwell Tavern is an historic American Revolutionary War site associated with the revolution's first battle, the 1775 Battle of Lexington and Concord.
It is located on Battle Road (formerly the Bay Road) in Lincoln, Massachusetts, and operated as a living museum by the National Park Service as part of the Minute Man National Historical Park.
It is staffed from Memorial Day (May) weekend to October by park rangers dressed in colonial attire who offer programs daily.
The building is in the saltbox style.
The building, whose main façade faces south, was originally constructed as a home for Ephraim Hartwell (1707–1793) and his newlywed wife, Elizabeth (1714–1808), in 1733.
It was given to them by Ephraim's father, Samuel (1666–1744), who lived in a home with his wife, Mary, about 700 feet east along Battle Road.
Built in the 1690s, only the central chimney of Samuel and Mary's house still stands, amongst a basic reconstruction of the building.
The gifted home stood on 18 acres of land.
The Hartwells raised a family and, in 1756, when they had nine children living in the house, Ephraim applied for a license to run the home as an inn.
It was run as such until the 1780s.
When Samuel died in 1744, aged 78, Ephraim inherited his portion of the family farm.
By 1749 the farm was one of the most productive in Concord and consisted of 141 acres.
The property was part of Concord until 1754, when the town of Lincoln was incorporated.
Ephraim died in 1793, aged 86.
Elizabeth survived her husband by fifteen years; she died in 1808, aged 94.
The house continued to be a residence up until its purchase by the National Park Service in 1967.
Over the years that followed, the building was modernized and changed.
In the 1980s, the Park Service restored it to its 1775 appearance, yet kept its 1783 and 1830 additions.
The main structure, the foundation, most of the walls and some of the flooring are 1733 originals.
It is estimated that about 65% of the original structure remains within the restored building.
The Battle of Lexington and Concord took form before dawn on April 19, 1775.
Soldiers passed by the tavern on their way to Concord, and again on their way back to Boston.
Three of the Hartwells' children — Samuel, John and Isaac — were in the Lincoln minutemen that fought at Old North Bridge and on the battle road.
All three later served in the Revolutionary War.
Paul Revere and William Dawes were detained by a British Army patrol nearby during the "Midnight Ride" to Concord of April 18.
Samuel Prescott, who was also riding with them, escaped by jumping his horse over a wall and into the woods.
Prescott emerged at the Hartwell Tavern, awakened Ephraim and informed him of the pending arrival of the British soldiers.
Ephraim sent his black slave, Violet, down the road to alert his parents.
Mary then relayed the message to Captain William Smith, commanding officer of the Lincoln minutemen, who lived a little to the west and whose home still stands along Battle Road.
The minutemen received the noticed in time, and arrived at Old North Bridge before their enemy.
Prescott made it to Concord.
André Delloue
André Delloue (born 1899, date of death unknown) was a French weightlifter.
He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
John Paine (weightlifter)
John Paine was a British weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Friedrich Geiger (musicologist)
Friedrich Geiger (born in 1966) is a German musicologist.
Born in Munich, Geiger studied music, historical and systematic musicology and Latin philology in Munich and Hamburg.
After gaining his PhD in 1997 with a thesis on Wladimir Rudolfowitsch Vogel, he headed the Research and Information Centre for ostracized Music at the Dresden Centre for Contemporary Music from 1997 to 2002.
He then lectured at the musicological institutes of the TU Dresden and the University of Hamburg.
After his habilitation in 2003 with a study on the persecution of composers under Hitler and Stalin, he was research assistant and lecturer at the musicological seminar of the Free University of Berlin in the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft special research area Aesthetic Experience in the Sign of the Dissolution of Artistic Limits from 2003 to 2007.
Since summer semester 2007 he has been teaching as professor for historical musicology at the University of Hamburg.
His research focuses on music history from the 18th century to the present, music of antiquity and ancient reception in music, music in dictatorships, historiography of popular music, geography of music history and music aesthetics and musical judgement.
Maria Medina
Maria Medina (born 15 July 1948) represented Puerto Rico at the 1976 Summer Olympic Games in archery.
Medina competed in the women's individual event and finished 27th with a score of 1993 points.
The Box (Roddy Ricch song)
"The Box" is a song by American rapper Roddy Ricch, released on December 6, 2019, as part of his debut studio album "Please Excuse Me for Being Antisocial".
It is Roddy Ricch's highest-charting song worldwide, reaching number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, the "Rolling Stone" Top 100, the Canadian Hot 100 and in New Zealand, as well as peaking at number two in both the UK and Ireland and reaching the top five in Australia.
The song's popularity was attributed to its use in a series of viral videos on TikTok.
Along with the tracks "Boom Boom Room" and "Start wit Me" featuring Gunna, Darryl Robertson of "Vibe" felt that "The Box" is "further proof that the Atlantic Records-signee can pen addictive radio-friendly records".
Josh Svetz of "HipHopDX" echoed a similar sentiment, writing that "The appeal to Roddy is simple; the kid can write a hell of a hook.
Whether it's the head-bopping harmony on 'The Box' or the flute backed, Gunna-assisted single, 'Start Wit Me,' Roddy excels at producing choruses that stick and only get better with repeat listens."
Writing for "Pitchfork", Alphonse Pierre stated that on the song, which features a "hard-hitting beat that sounds like a teapot is boiling in the background, [Ricch] finds a new delivery and pitch nearly every 10 seconds.
The track is the best example of Roddy's versatility, which has been both a blessing and a curse."
Praising the song, "HotNewHipHop"s Mitch Findlay asserted that although its parent album "yielded plenty of highlights, none stood out quite so much as 'The Box'".
Findlay called the song's "EEE ERR" intro "creative and soon-to-be-iconic" and labeled Ricch's flow as confident and charismatic.
Heran Mamo of "Billboard" opined that Ricch "comes armed and ready with his verses despite the rather lighthearted 'hee-hoo' ad-libs in the background".
Mamo noted that in the song, Ricch raps about acquiring and protecting "his necessary riches".
"The Box" debuted at number 47 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 issue dated December 21, 2019, and reached number one four weeks later, becoming Ricch's first number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 as well as the first new song to top the chart in the 2020s decade (since both "All I Want for Christmas Is You" by Mariah Carey and "Circles" by Post Malone began their runs at the top position in 2019).
During the same week, the song logged its second week at number one on "Billboard"s Streaming Songs chart (drawing 68.2 million streams) and jumped to number eight on the Digital Songs chart as well, with 11,000 downloads sold.
Additionally, the song reached the top spot on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Rap Songs charts as well, becoming Ricch's first number-one song on both charts.
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Gérard Carlier
Gérard Carlier (1905–1975) was a German-born French screenwriter.
He worked on several scripts for films starring the comedian Fernandel in the postwar era.
Aoyama Kumano Shrine
Aoyama Kumano Shrine is a kumano shrine in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan.
Samuel August from Sevedstorp and Hanna i Hult
Samuel August from Sevedstorp and Hanna i Hult (Swedish: "Samuel August från Sevedstorp och Hanna i Hult") is a book by Astrid Lindgren and deals with the love story of her parents Samuel August Erikson and Hanna Jonsson.
At the age of thirteen Samuel August falls in love with the nine-year-old Hanna.
Soon Samuel August leaves school and does not see Hannah again for quite a while.
Until he is eighteen, Samuel August is working as a farmhand.
But one day the vicarage Näs near Vimmerby is offered for lease and Samuel August becomes the new tenant of the vicarage.
Over the next few years, Samuel rarely meets Hanna.
At the age of 25, Samuel August watches Hanna at a festival.
But he doesn't dare to speak to her.
So many men are interested in Hanna and Samuel August doesn't believe that she would choose him.
At a wedding, Hanna realizes that Samuel August is in love with her and invites Samuel August to go for a walk with her.
Hanna promises to stitch a monogram on Samuels hat.
After a few months have passed and Samuel August has not seen Hanna, Samuel August writes a letter to Hanna.
Hanna replies, and they exchange letters until Samuel August unexpectedly meets Hanna again in Vimmerby and drinks tea with her.
Later he asks Hanna if they could live together.
Hanna replies that the two of them cannot decide this on their own, but at least she gives Samuel August the first kiss.
Hanna hesitates a little before the wedding takes place on June 30, 1905.
When Samuel August brings his wife to Näs a fortnight later, they are living there together for another 56 years.
As long as he is alive, Samuel August mentions daily how much he loves his Hanna.
The book is about the love story of Astrid Lindgren's parents.
In Sweden, the book was first published in 1975 by Rabén & Sjögren.
It was titled "Samuel August från Sevedstorp och Hanna i Hult".
Later an audiobook was released which was read by the author Astrid Lindgren.
The book has been translated into many languages, including German.
Two of the essays from the book "Samuel August from Sevedstorp and Hanna i Hult" have also been translated into English.
"Samuel August from Sevedstorp and Hanna i Hult" has been translated by Marlaine Delargy.
The English version was published by the "Swedish Book Review" in their 2nd edition of their magazine in 2007.
"I remember..." ("Minnes...") was translated by Patricia Crampton and first published in 1988 in the journal "" (57).
In 1999 the book was chosen as the love story of the century in Sweden.
Next to the Love story "Samuel August from Sevedstorp and Hanna i Hult" the Swedish Edition also includes a few other essays, for example "Det började i Kristins kök", in which Astrid Lindgren writes about her neighbour Kristin who read the first books to her and made Astrid Lindgren become interested in literature.
In another chapter "Minnes..." (Let us remember) Lindgren is talking about her childhood, inspired by a poem from Harry Martinson.
In 2015, in Sweden the essay "Luise Justine Mejer : en kärlekshistoria från 1700-talets Tyskland" was released as a book on its own by Novelix.
It is about the German book "Ich war wohl klug, daß ich dich fand", which contains letters of Luise Mejer and Heinrich Christian Boie.
Astrid Lindgren originally got the book from her German friend Luise Hartung and was impressed by the love story.
Bendz
Benz is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Niels Florin
Niels Florin (3 October 1892 – 17 August 1949) was a Danish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Mniaceae
Mniaceae is a family of mosses.
Genera in North America include:
Rebecca Kilner
Rebecca M. Kilner FRES is a British evolutionary biologist, and a professor of evolutionary biology at the University of Cambridge.
Kilner studied a BA in Zoology at the University of Oxford in 1992, and received a Ph.D. in evolutionary biology at the University of Cambridge in 1996.
She worked as a Junior Research Fellow at Magdelene College, Cambridge, and in 1998 was a Royal Society Dorothy Hodgkin Fellow; she was appointed Lecturer at the University of Cambridge in 2005 and a Reader in 2009.
In 2013, Kilner was appointed Professor of evolutionary biology at the University of Cambridge, and in 2019, Kilner was made a Director of the Cambridge University Museum of Zoology.
Kilner's research looks at how social evolution can generate biodiversity and much of her work looks at burying beetles (Silphidae) and birds.
Her earlier research looked at birds that are brood parasites, which take advantage of other species' nests and parental care.
In particular she found that cuckoos are able to produce eggs that mimic those of their host bird species.
Kilner found that cowbirds, which are also brood parasites, do not try to outcompete the host chicks that they hatch next to (as with cuckoos) and instead cowbirds do better when the host chicks remain.
Parental care is common in burying beetles.
Kilner's work on burying beetles has shown that beetle parents can produce a slime mixture that can influence bacteria communities on the meat they provide for their larval offspring; the bacteria aid digestion in the beetle stomach and prevent decomposition of the meat, so that beetle larvae grow larger and healthier.
She also examined what happens when parents are prevented from caring for larvae over 30 successive generations.
She found that the beetle larvae evolved larger jaws to help them feed from carcasses better without help.
She also found that motherless beetle larvae were less competitive between each other and had higher survival rates than when mothered larvae had to cope alone.
Her research with burying beetles has also shown that they can form symbiotic relationships with mites.
Smaller beetles which lose out in fights with larger beetles can benefit from the phoretic mite "Poecilochirus carabi," which helps them to warm up and enables them to win contests with other beetles for a carcass food source.
William Trego Webb
William Trego Webb (24 August 1847 – 8 January 1934) was a British educationist and author who taught English Literature in various colleges in Bengal in India in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
A prolific writer, he also produced a number of English language grammar books for Indian students with fellow-academic F. J. Rowe.
William Trego Webb was born in Ipswich in 1847, the eldest son of Frances Webb (1809–1883) and the Rev.
James Webb (1803-1881), a Baptist minister of Stoke Green in Ipswich.
He attended Ipswich School and matriculated at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge on 26 March 1866, taking his B.A.
in 1870 and gaining his M.A.
in 1874.
He was an Assistant Master at La Martiniere College in Calcutta from 1870 to 1875.
He entered the Indian Education Service in Bengal in 1875, and was Professor of English Literature at Dacca College from 1875 to 1878.
Webb was Professor of English Literature at the Presidency College in Calcutta from 1878 to 1892.
While working for the Bengal Education Department Webb collaborated with F. J. Rowe to produce a number of English grammar books for Indian students.
Webb married Isabel Mary "née" Aldis (1864-1952) on 27 September 1886 at St. George's church in Walsall in Stafford and with her had four children including Captain Noel William Ward Webb (1896–1917), a British World War I flying ace credited with fourteen aerial victories.
He was the first pilot to use the Sopwith Camel to claim an enemy aircraft.
He also claimed the life of German ace "Leutnant" Otto Brauneck for his ninth victory.
Another son was Lieutenant Paul Frederic Hobson Webb (1889-1918), who was killed in action on 7 July 1918 while serving in No.
27 Squadron RAF.
His daughter Phillis Emily Cunnington was a physician, costume collector, historian and author.
William Trego Webb died in January 1934 in his cottage The Nothe at West Mersea in Essex.
In his will he left £30,724 15s to his widow Isabel Mary Webb.
John F. Gonge
John F. Gonge (born November 5, 1921) was a lieutenant general in the United States Air Force.
He was served as vice commander-in-chief of the Military Airlift Command from 1975 to 1977.
Kees Tijman
Kees Tijman (12 June 1897 – 28 September 1954) was a Dutch weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Guillermo Tegue
Guillermo Alejandro Tegue Caicedo (born 6 February 2000) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Independiente Medellín.
Lionel De Haes
Lionel De Haes was a Belgian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Juniso Kumano Shrine
Juniso Kumano Shrine is a Kumano shrine in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan.
List of television awards
This list of television awards is a index to articles on notable awards that are given to television shows in different countries and categories.
The list is organized by region and country.
Typically the awards are given only for local productions.
Screenwriting awards for television are included in the separate list of writing awards.
Gustav Eriksson (weightlifter)
Gustav Eriksson (13 March 1897 – 18 April 1974) was a Swedish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Yadir Meneses
Yadir Meneses Betancur (born 1 April 2000) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Envigado.
Ludvík Wágner
Ludvík Wágner (born 1885, date of death unknown) was a Czech weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Luigi Gatti (weightlifter)
Luigi Gatti was an Italian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
2020 Northern Cypriot presidential election
Presidential elections will be held in Northern Cyprus on Sunday, 19 April 2020.
The President of Northern Cyprus is elected using the two-round system.
If no candidate receives a majority of the vote in the first round, a second will be held between the top two candidates.
Declared candidates include:
Wolfgang Pickl
Wolfgang Pickl is an Austrian Paralympic athlete.
He represented Austria at seven editions of the Paralympics: the 1980 Summer Paralympics and the Winter Paralympics of 1976, 1980, 1984, 1988, 1992 and 1994.
He competed in alpine skiing, cross-country skiing, biathlon and track and field events.
In total he won one silver medal and three bronze medals at the Paralympics.
Fabián Ángel
Fabián Steven Ángel Bernal (born 10 January 2001) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Atlético Junior.
Teppozu Inari Shrine
Teppozu Inari Shrine is an Inari shrine in Chūō, Tokyo, Japan.
Naima Mahmudova
Naima Makhmudovna Makhmudova (10 August 1928 Tashkent - 7 June 2017) was a Soviet Uzbek doctor, stateswoman, and public figure.
Member of the Soviet of Nationalities from 1979 to 1989.
She was a Member of the Supreme Council of the Uzbek SSR.
In 1951 she graduated from the Tashkent Medical Institute.
She was a member of the Committee of Soviet Women.
She was Chair of the "Association for Strong Generations".
Punk Vacation
Punk Vacation is a 1990 American action film directed by Stanley Lewis.
It stars Roxanne Rogers, Rob Garrison, Sandra Bogan, Don Martin, and Louis Waldon.
"Punk Vacation" was filmed around 1984 and completed in 1987.
Brian Orndorf of Blu-ray.com wrote that "Punk Vacation" "is undeniably amusing, tickling in a manner only ragtag nonsense can", calling it "a clean, mean machine of goofballery with a distinct period perspective, and while a viewing requires heavy lifting in the tolerance department, the reward is a generous serving of schlock that never bores or fails to amaze with its creative limitations."
Annie Choi of "Bleeding Skull!"
wrote that the film "languishes into a mediocre-at-best revenge story with no defining insanity.
There are no moments that excite, stun, amuse, or even confuse."
She criticized the lack of "wild antics" from the punk characters, as well as the lack of punk music in the film, writing: "Clearly, one-time director Stanley Lewis had never seen a punk in his life."
The film was released on VHS in 1990.
On July 9, 2013, the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray by Vinegar Syndrome.
Rendezvous in Grenada
Rendezvous in Grenada (French: Rendez-vous à Grenade) is a 1951 French musical film directed by Richard Pottier and starring Luis Mariano, Nicole Maurey and Jean Tissier.
It was shot at the Photosonor Studios in Paris.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Paul-Louis Boutié.
Etilso Martínez
Etilson José Martínez Palacio (born 12 May 2000) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Llaneros.
Deyman Cortés
Deyman Andrés Cortés Herrera (born 29 July 2000) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a forward.
Helen MacGillivray
Helen Louise MacGillivray is an Australian statistician and statistics educator.
She is the former president of the International Statistical Institute, the International Association for Statistical Education, and the Statistical Society of Australia, and chair of the United Nations Global Network of Institutions for Statistical Training.
MacGillivray entered her studies at the University of Queensland planning to work in physics, but ended up earning a bachelor's degree with honours in mathematics, in the course of which she discovered her love for statistics.
She remained at the University of Queensland for graduate study, and completed a Ph.D. in statistics there.
Her dissertation was "Moment inequalities with applications to particle size distributions".
She was a professor of statistics and director of the Maths Access Centre at Queensland University of Technology (QUT), until her retirement.
She continues to hold an adjunct professorship at QUT.
MacGillivray is the editor of the journal "Teaching Statistics".
She was president of the International Statistical Institute for the 2017–2019 term.
When she was elected president she became both the second woman and the second Australian to hold the position, after Denise Lievesley and Dennis Trewin.
She was the first female president of the Statistical Society of Australia.
She was president of the International Association for Statistical Education for 2009–2011, and is the founding chair of the Global Network of Institutions for Statistical Training of the United Nations.
With Peter Petocz, MacGillivray is the coauthor of the two-volume textbook "Statistics and Probability in the Australian Curriculum" (Years 7 and 8, and Years 9 and 10), and is the author of "Utts & Heckard's Mind on Statistics" (Nelson Australia, 2010, adapted from previous work by Jessica Utts and Robert Heckard).
MacGillivray is a Fellow of the Royal Statistical Society,
an Australian Learning and Teaching Fellow,
an honorary life member of the Statistical Society of Australia,
and a Principal Fellow of the Higher Education Academy.
Josef Scheiber
Josef Scheiber is an Austrian cross-country skier.
He represented Austria at the 1976 Winter Paralympics and at the 1980 Winter Paralympics.
He won the bronze medal in the Men's 3x10 km Relay III-IV B event at the 1976 Winter Paralympics and the silver medal in the Men's 4x5 km Relay 3A-3B event at the 1980 Winter Paralympics.
Eugen Wilhelm
Eugen Wilhelm is an Austrian cross-country skier.
He represented Austria at the 1976 Winter Paralympics and he competed in three events in cross-country skiing.
He won the bronze medal in the Men's 3x10 km Relay III-IV B event together with Wolfgang Pickl and Josef Scheiber.
Broken Dreams (2019 film)
Broken Dreams is a 2019 Polish documentary film directed by Tomasz Magierski that tells the story of Renia and Ariana Spiegel, sisters who experienced the Holocaust as children in Poland.
The film was prompted by the 2012 discovery of Renia Spiegel's diary, which she kept from 1939 until her death at the age of 18 in 1942.
"Broken Dreams" premiered on May 2, 2019 at the United Nations in New York, and on September 18, 2019 in Warsaw, Poland.
The documentary revolves around the diary of Renia Spiegel, who spent the early years of World War II in the Polish city of Przemyśl, along with her sister, Ariana Spiegel (now Elizabeth Bellak).
Ariana was a child film star in Poland, while Renia was more reserved, a typical Polish youth.
In her diary, Spiegel writes about everyday teenage life, as well as the growing war, eventually covering her imprisonment in the Przemyśl ghetto.
After escaping the ghetto, Spiegel was killed at the age of 18 by Nazi police when her hiding place was discovered.
Spiegel's diary was preserved by her boyfriend, Zygmunt Schwarzer, who eventually brought it to Spiegel's mother and sister in New York after the war.
The diary remained unread until 2012, when Elizabeth Bellak's daughter had it translated to English, leading to its publication in 2019 and the creation of "Broken Dreams".
"Broken Dreams" tells the story of the Spiegel sisters through interviews with Bellak and readings of Renia's diary by Polish actress Aleksandra Bernatek.
In addition to telling Renia's story, the documentary also spends substantial time telling Bellak's story of being a child actress.
After Elizabeth Bellak's daughter, Alexandra Renata Bellak, rediscovered Spiegel's diary in 2012, she approached Polish filmmaker Tomasz Magierski.
After reading the diary, Magierski agreed to make a film, telling Agence France-Presse, "But I couldn’t stop reading it!
I read this thing over probably four or five nights...I got used to her handwriting and to be honest I fell in love with her.
I fell in love with Renia."
"Broken Dreams" premiered at the United Nations in New York on May 2, 2019, which was Yom HaShoah (Holocaust Remembrance Day).
This screening was conducted by the Department of Global Communications and the Permanent Mission of Poland to the United Nations.
The documentary's Polish premier took place in Warsaw on September 18, 2019.
Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", critic Gary Goldstein called "Broken Dreams" "vital and intriguing" but said that the production is "a bit cursory and cobbled together".
Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote that the documentary is "deeply moving" and that it is one of the most powerful films providing a first-hand account of the Holocaust.
He also praised Aleksandra Bernatek, who reads from Spiegel's diary, saying that she "delivers emotive readings that fully convey Renia's girlishness, passion and inner strength".
Hamiltonian complexity
Hamiltonian complexity or quantum Hamiltonian complexity is a topic which deals with problems in quantum complexity theory and condensed matter physics.
It mostly studies constraint satisfaction problems related to ground states of local Hamiltonians; that is, Hermitian matrices that act locally on a system of interest.
The constraint satisfaction problems in quantum Hamiltonian complexity have led to the quantum version of the Cook–Levin theorem.
Quantum Hamiltonian complexity has helped physicists understand the difficulty of simulating physical systems.
Given a Hermitian matrix formula_1, let formula_2 denote the ground state energy of the Hamiltonian formula_1, and let formula_4 and formula_5 be non-negative real numbers with formula_6.
If formula_7, output Yes.
If formula_8, output No.
The "k-local Hamiltonian problem" is similar except the Hamiltonians have formula_9-local interactions.
This problem has been shown to be QMA-complete for formula_10.
The area law explains the structure of entanglement present in ground states of physically relevant systems.
It states that the entropy of a reduced density matrix of a quantum system in its ground state is proportional to the boundary length of the area.
The area law has been useful in finding efficient ways to simulate entangled quantum systems.
The classical PCP theorem states that simulating the ground states of classical systems is hard.
The quantum analog of the PCP theorem concerns simulations of quantum systems.
Proving the quantum analog of the PCP theorem is an open problem.
Furkan Polat
Furkan Polat (born 20 April 1998) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kayserispor .
On 25 August 2019, Polat signed his first professional contract with Kayserispor for 5 years.
Polat made his professional debut for Kayserispor in a 1-0 Süper Lig win over Çaykur Rizespor on 8 December 2019.
SS Ponce De Leon
SS "Ponce De Leon" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after Ponce De Leon, a Spanish explorer and conquistador known for leading the first official European expedition to Florida and the first governor of Puerto Rico.
"Ponce De Leon" was laid down on 15 August 1942, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1193, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Mrs. J.C. Merrill, the wife of the president of the St. John's River SB Corp., she was launched on 14 March 1943.
She was allocated to Waterman Steamship Corp., on 30 April 1943.
On 11 April 1947, she was laid up in the, National Defense Reserve Fleet, Mobile, Alabama.
She was sold for scrapping, on 10 September 1962, to Gulf Shipyard Industrial Park Co., for $49,799.
She was removed from the fleet on 9 October 1962.
Abdoulaye Diaby
Abdoulaye Diaby (born 4 July 2000) is a Malian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Lokeren, on loan from Royal Antwerp.
Fred Ball (disambiguation)
Fred Ball (1915–2007) was an American movie executive.
Fred Ball may also refer to:
City market in Białystok
City market in Bialystok () is a retail market located in Kawaleryjska Street 19/23 in Bialystok, Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
For years it has been the largest commercial facility in the Podlaskie Voivodeship, with an area of almost 90,000 sq m. and over 2,000 permanent sales outlets.
In the early 90s with the collapse of the Communist bloc and the People's Republic of Poland and the liberalization of trade and transformation to market economy, the city hall was searching a place to hold a retail market instead of the existing one in Bema Street which has became to small.
The location that was found decided was the former harvest square in Kawaleryjska street.
Due to concerns from the retailers side regarding the relative distance of the location from the city center, the authorities made a commitment that they will not establish another market in the city center.
A major mark point was 1994, the year the trade in Belarus] was liberalized, a step that contributed to the growth of trade and activity in the market.
The years 1995 to 1998 saw high growth and thousands of cars from Lithuania and Belarus arrived to sell their stocks.
In 1998 there was a slump, even a collapse of the market since the Polish government limited cross-border trade by introducing visas, a decision that led to demonstrations.
In 2020 the market is planned to pass through modernization program.
Bio Oko
Bio Oko is a cinema in the Holešovice district of Prague, Czech Republic.
Part of a seven-building development between the district's Milada Horáková and Heřmanová streets built between 1937 and 1940, it was designed by Jaroslav Stockar-Bernkopf and Josef Šolc.
The cinema is known for its seating options; as well as standard seats, visitors to Bio Oko can sit on sofas, bean bags or deck chairs.
The cinema was reopened in October 2007 after a period of reconstruction, with the premiere of the Czech film .
Bio Oko switched to digital projection in 2011, thanks to funding from Prague 7 and the Ministry of Culture.
Jermal Richardson
Jermal Richardson (born 10 May 1994) is an Anguillan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Roaring Lions FC and the Anguilla national football team.
Richardson made his senior international debut on 22 August 2018 in a 1-1 friendly draw with Sint Maarten.
The Open Museum
The Open Museum is a community museum in Glasgow, Scotland.
The Open Museum is run out of the Glasgow Museums Resource Centre.
It brings museum collections beyond the limits of the museum walls and out into the Glasgow community.
The Open Museum is one of ten museums under the broader title the Glasgow Museums and many consider the Open Museum to be the “outreach arm.” Founded in 1989, the Glasgow Open Museum’s goal is to let the public explore their archive without necessarily having to come to the museum.
The people of Glasgow are allowed to use the objects for their own research and exhibitions.
Since 1989, the museum has worked with schools, senior centres, businesses, and prisons in addition to encouraging the public to engage with staff on community projects that explore contemporary issues that impact Glasgow.
The Glasgow Open Museum’s goal is to create a more fluid relationship with the public and to bring the Museum to those that cannot make their way inside the museum.
In America a trend of artist inspired exhibits helped museums bring their pieces from the archives onto display, but never have american museums let the local public interact with the objects in the archives the way the Open Museum does.
St Margaret of Cortona (Gaspare Traversi)
St Margaret of Cortona is a circa 1758 painting by the Italian late-Baroque painter Gaspare Traversi.
This artist, active in Naples Italy, is best known for his sometimes humorous and intricate genre works.
The painting depicts is a blunt allegory showing Margaret of Cortona, the 13th-century Franciscan tertiary, as underscored by the knotted belt of rope or cincture of the order.
Margaret sits in a plain room, listening entranced to the words of an angel, whose hands finger a crown of thorns and partially obscure a skull; in her left hand, she cradles a crucifix.
In the background, a bat-winged satanic figure departs, with his hands hiding his face.
His wings have cryptic circles.
St Margaret in her writings recalled that she served as a mistress and step-mother to an aristocratic noble.
But he was murdered, and her dog was able to lead her to his corpse.
These events triggered her departure from a sinful life in the world to a eremetic live of devotion.
The arc of her life would have held resonance for women seeking absolution in joining the tertiaries, which did not require vows of absolute poverty and chastity.
The veneration of Saint Margaret of Cortona was prominent in her native Tuscany, but did spread through Italy.
Anarchism (Ritter book)
Anarchism: A Theoretical Analysis is a 1981 book about anarchism as a political theory written by Alan Ritter.
SS John Gorrie
SS "John Gorrie" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after John Gorrie, an American physician, scientist, inventor of mechanical cooling, and humanitarian.
"John Gorrie" was laid down on 29 August 1942, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1194, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Mrs. Denis J. O'Mahoney, the wife of the general manager of the St. John's River SB Co., she was launched on 27 March 1943.
She was allocated to South Atlantic Steamship Line, on 24 May 1943.
On 22 September 1948, she was laid up in the, National Defense Reserve Fleet, Astoria, Oregon.
On 1 June 1954, she was withdrawn from the fleet to be loaded with grain under the "Grain Program 1954", she returned loaded with grain on 23 June 1954.
She was again withdrawn from the fleet on 8 August 1957, to have the grain unloaded, she returned empty on 12 August 1957.
She was sold for scrapping, on 14 August 1967, to Zidell Explorations, Inc., for $54,001.
She was removed from the fleet on 31 August 1967.
Julio Martínez (footballer, born 2000)
Julio Martínez Cortés (born 2 November 2000) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Málaga CF as an attacking midfielder.
Born in Requena, Valencian Community, Martínez joined Málaga CF's youth setup in 2018, after stints at Córdoba CF and Valencia CF.
He made his senior debut with the reserves on 25 August 2019, starting and scoring the opener in a 4–0 Tercera División home routing of Alhaurín de la Torre CF.
On 15 December 2019, after scoring ten goals in only 15 matches for the B's, Martínez made his first team debut by coming on as a late substitute for Armando Sadiku in a 0–0 away draw against Extremadura UD for the Segunda División championship.
Eren Bilen
Eren Bilen (born 2 December 2000) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Göztepe.
Bilen made his professional debut with Göztepe in a 3-3 Turkish Cup tie with Antalyaspor on 15 January 2019.
Krista S. Walton
Krista Shereé Walton is an American chemical engineer.
She is the Robert "Bud" Moeller Faculty Fellow and professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering and the associate dean for research and innovation in the College of Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Walton grew up on her family's farm in Killen, Alabama, and graduated from Brooks High School in 1995.
She completed her B.S.E.
in chemical and materials engineering from the University of Alabama in Huntsville in 2000 and obtained her Ph.D. in chemical engineering from Vanderbilt University in 2005 under the direction of M. Douglas LeVan.
Walton was awarded an Alternative Energy Fellowship by the American Chemical Society Petroleum Research Fund in 2005 and completed postdoctoral research with Randall Q. Snurr in Chemical & Biological Engineering at Northwestern University from 2005-2006.
Walton began her faculty career at Kansas State University as an assistant professor of chemical engineering in 2006.
She won several prestigious research awards during that time, including the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE) in 2007.
Walton moved to the School of Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering at Georgia Tech as an assistant professor in 2009.
She received tenure in 2012 and was promoted to the rank of full professor in 2016.
Walton became the founding director and lead principal investigator of Georgia Tech's DOE Energy Frontier Research Center UNCAGE-ME in 2014 and led her team to a renewal in 2018.
She has served as Associate Editor for the ACS journal "Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research" since 2014 and has been active in the Separations Division of AIChE for over 15 years.
Walton served as Treasurer in the International Adsorption Society 2010-2015 and is currently the co-chair of the upcoming 14th International Conference on the Fundamentals of Adsorption (FOA14) to be held in the US in 2022.
Walton was recently selected into the 2020 cohort of the Defense Science Study Group (DSSG) and will serve a two-year term.
The DSSG is directed by the non-profit Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) and is sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA).
Walton serves as the associate dean for research in the College of Engineering at Georgia Tech, having been appointed to the role in 2019.
Research in the Walton Group focuses on the design, synthesis, and characterization of functional porous materials for use in chemical separations.
Applications of interest include CO capture, air purification, and natural gas upgrading.
Her group is particularly interested in the behavior and modeling of complex mixture adsorption and seeks to develop structure-property relationships for adsorption and chemical stability of metal-organic frameworks.
She has mentored 18 Ph.D. graduates from her group and published over 100 peer-reviewed articles.
She has also written several book chapters and is a co-author of Chapter 16: Adsorption and Ion Exchange in the recent 9th edition of Perry's Chemical Engineers' Handbook.
Walton is active in the research community and has presented over 100 keynotes, plenary lectures, and invited seminars.
Tadeu Patolla
Tadeu Eliezer Patolla (born March 30, 1959) is a Brazilian guitarist and Latin Grammy Award-winning record producer best known for discovering the then-relatively new alternative rock band Charlie Brown Jr. in 1994 and launching them into mainstream fame.
Patolla was born in Santos, São Paulo on March 30, 1959.
He began his career, initially as a musician, in the late 1970s playing for cover bands Rock Memory and Rock Cover.
In the early 1980s, alongside former Patrulha do Espaço bassist Oswaldo "Cokinho" Gennari, Leonardo Giordano and Maurício Pedrosa, he formed the "one-hit wonder" band Telex, whose only release prior to their disbandment was the 7" single "Só Delírio" through CBS Records International in 1984.
In 1986 he formed the pop/comedy rock band Lagoa 66, who had shortened their name only to "Lagoa" by the time of the release of their only studio album, "Agora Sai!
", in 1995.
In 1988 he debuted as a producer, on Skowa e a Máfia's album "La Famiglia".
In 1994 he was acquainted with the up-and-coming band Charlie Brown Jr. through its bassist, Champignon, who sent him over a demo so he could evaluate their work.
Patolla then approached the band's vocalist, Chorão, convincing him to sing in Portuguese rather than the "broken English" he used to, and to "experiment" more with other genres such as hip hop, reggae, ska and hardcore punk, thus developing the eclectic sonority Charlie Brown Jr. would be known for.
Alongside Rick Bonadio, Patolla produced the band's 1997 debut, "Transpiração Contínua Prolongada", and his band Lagoa, in one of its final credited works prior to its break-up, made a guest appearance on the track "Escalas Tropicais"; he would produce other further five albums for Charlie Brown Jr., and also be a guest musician on their 2003 "Acústico MTV" live album/DVD.
When Champignon left the band in 2005 to form his own project, Revolucionnários, Patolla produced their only release, "Retratos da Humanidade".
Patolla has also worked with other bands and artists such as Biquini Cavadão, Deborah Blando, Jorge Ben Jor, Wilson Sideral, Aliados and Strike.
In 2012 he won a Latin Grammy Award for his work in Beto Lee's "Celebração & Sacrifício".
In 2019 he launched the indie band Curinga Roque, producing their debut single "Não Vá Embora".
Peel (2019 film)
Peel is a 2019 British comedy-drama film co-produced and directed by Rafael Monserrate and starred by Emile Hirsch.
The movie was first shown on February 7, 2019, at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival.
The story of Peel Munter, who is left lost and alone at the age of 30, when his over-protective mother dies.
Noel Murray from the "LA Times" wrote: "The problem is that ""Peel"" is so persistently twee that when it tries to introduce heavier themes - involving the lasting damage family and friends thoughtlessly inflict on each other - the general sense of unreality gets in the way."
Roger Moore from the website "Movie Nation" gave the movie only 1.5 stars out of 4, stating: "Hirsch is a gifted comic actor and could have made a lot more out of this unworldly guy who draws and snorkels obsessively and gets his hair cut about as often as Johnny Depp.
And no, a few sweet moments in the final act don’t paper over the emptiness that precedes them.
""Peel"" is just as its title suggests, a movie that's all surface peel and no substance."
2019–20 Penn State Nittany Lions men's ice hockey season
The 2019-20 Penn State Nittany Lions men's ice hockey season was the 13th season of play for the program and the 7th season in the Big Ten Conference.
The Nittany Lions represented Pennsylvania State University and were coached by Guy Gadowsky, in his 9th season.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Exhibition
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Eucalyptus rodwayi
Eucalyptus rodwayi, commonly known as the swamp peppermint, is a species of small to medium-sized tree that is endemic to Tasmania.
It has rough, fibrous to flaky bark on the trunk and branches, narrow lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds in groups of between seven and eleven, white flowers and conical to hemispherical fruit.
"Eucalyptus rodwayi" is a tree that typically grows to a height of and forms a lignotuber.
It has rough, greyish fibrous or flaky bark on the trunk and branches.
Young plants and coppice regrowth have lance-shaped to elliptical leaves long and wide.
Adult leaves are the same shade of glossy green on both sides, narrow lance-shaped or curved, long and wide, tapering to a petiole long.
The flower buds are arranged in groups of seven, nine or eleven on a peduncle long, the individual flowers on pedicels long.
Mature buds are oval to diamond-shaped, long and wide with a conical operculum about equal in length to the floral cup.
Flowering occurs between December and March and the flowers are white.
The fruit is a conical to hemispherical capsule long and wide with the valves near rim level.
"Eucalyptus rodwayi" was first formally described in 1902 by Richard Thomas Baker and Henry George Smith in their book "A research on the eucalypts of Tasmania and their essential oils".
The specific epithet ("rodwayi") honours Leonard Rodway for his contribution to botanical research in Tasmania.
Swamp peppermint grows in poorly-drained areas in valleys from the central plateau to the east coast of Tasmania.
Ali Gholamzadeh
Ali Gholamzadeh (; born 13 February 2000) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Persian Gulf Pro League side Foolad.
Cityscape (2019 film)
Cityscape is a Canadian experimental short documentary film, directed by Michael Snow and released in 2019.
Described by critics as an "elaboration" on the methods of his 1971 short film "La Région Centrale", the film depicts the cityscape of downtown Toronto through a rotating camera on the Toronto Islands.
The film was commissioned by IMAX, alongside films by Oliver Husain, Lisa Jackson, Kelly Richardson and Leila Sujir, as part of Outer Worlds, a program of short IMAX films that toured Canada in 2019 to mark the 50th anniversary of the company.
The project premiered at the 2019 Images Festival, before touring to Canada's other IMAX theatres in Victoria, Sudbury, Edmonton and Montreal.
In December 2019, the film was named to the Toronto International Film Festival's annual year-end Canada's Top Ten list for short films.
David D. Thompson
David Dean Thompson (born ) is a lieutenant general in the United States Air Force, currently serving as vice commander of the Air Force Space Command.
Born and raised in Ambridge, Pennsylvania, Thompson graduated Ambridge Area High School in 1981 and then the United States Air Force Academy in 1985.
Alireza Koushki
Alireza Koushki (; born 16 February 2000) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Persian Gulf Pro League side Paykan.
Mohammad Ghaderi
Mohammad Ghaderi (; born 27 February 2000) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Persian Gulf Pro League side Machine Sazi.
The Concert (Gaspare Traversi)
The Concert is a circa 1760 painting by the Italian late-Baroque painter Gaspare Traversi.
This artist, active in Naples Italy, is best known for his humorous and intricate genre works like this one.
The painting depicts a small crowded room hosting a concert involving either a fortepiano or harpsichord, cello, and flute.
The central figure, the bonneted young women dressed in an elegant blue and yellow gown and playing the piano, gazes toward the spectator.
To her right and surrounding the piano are fashionably dressed older men.
Two hold canes, and two hold private conversations.
Two fixate, perhaps leer, at the young woman.
One gentleman holds perhaps a small wind instrument in his hand.
Near the woman's right foot, is a cat, facing away from us.
The scene, somewhat unsettling, appears to convey some cryptic allegory.
An alternative explanation is that the structure, if not subject, of the painting may be derived from a similar "Concerto" picture' attributed to Traversi' and on display at the Casa-Museu Pinacoteca Braamcamp Freire in Santarém, Portugal.
The subject of the painting is putatively that of Maria Barbara of Portugal playing the harpsichord, being tutored by a white-haired Domenico Scarlatti raising his hand, and watched over by a red-coated Ferdinand VI of Spain.
In this painting, the pianist is focused on her playing and the king is dapper and young.
Dwarika Devi Thakurani
Dwarika Devi Thakurani () was a Nepali politician, the first Nepali woman to be elected to parliament and the first woman to become a cabinet minister.
Thakurani was elected to parliament in the first democratic election of Nepal, held in February 1959.
She was a candidate from Constituency No.
66, Dadeldhura District for Nepali Congress.
Following the election, she was also appointed deputy minister of Health and Local Self-governance on 27 May 1959 in the BP Koirala cabinet.
She was the only woman elected to the parliament (out of 15 that ran) as well as cabinet.
This made her the first Nepali woman to the parliament and the first Nepali woman minister.
Tennessee State Route 366
State Route 366 (SR 366) is the unsigned designation for the northern beltway around the city of Humboldt in Gibson County, Tennessee.
Throughout its length, the highway is signed as U.S. Route 45W (US 45W), US 70A Bypass, and US 79 Bypass.
The highway begins as a two-lane highway at an interchange with US 70A/US 79 (W Main Street/SR 76 at the southwestern edge of town.
It heads north through some industrial areas, where it has an intersection with SR 152.
The highway then curves to the east through more industrial areas to cross a railroad overpass and enter a business district and come to an intersection with US 45W and US 45W Business (N Central Avenue/SR 5), where it widens to a four-lane highway and US 45W joins the highway.
They then pass through some neighborhoods, where they cross over another railroad overpass, before US 70A Bypass/US 79 Bypass come to an end at an intersection with US 70A/US 79 (Eastend Drive/SR 76), with the Humboldt Bypass, and unsigned SR 366, continuing south along US 45W.
The highway now curves to the south and passes through more rural areas, where it has an intersection with SR 152 (E Mitchell Street), shortly before coming to an end at an intersection with US 45W Business (E Main Street/SR 5), with the road continuing south towards Three Way as US 45W (SR 5).
Jennifer Mordue
A. Jennifer Mordue FRES is an entomologist in the United Kingdom.
She is Emeritus Professor of Zoology at the University of Aberdeen, the first female professor of zoology at the university.
Mordue was educated at the University of Sheffield graduating with a BSc in Zoology.
Mordue's research has looked at why humans have different attractiveness to insects such as biting midges "Culicoides impunctatus", later research showed that taller people were more likely to be bitten.
Mordue researched the sex pheromone n-heptadecane of the biting midge "Culicoides nubeculosus", this could be used to make a trap to lure the insects away from livestock and humans.
She has also researched the DNA of the several "Culicoides" species of midges that transmit bluetongue, a disease of livestock.
In 2002 Mordue was awarded the Lampitt Medal for outstanding services to the Society of Chemical Industry.
Tatiana Țîbuleac
Tatiana Tibuleac (born 1978) is a Moldovan-Romanian writer.
She was born in Chisinau and studied journalism and communications at Moldova State University.
She first gained renown for her "True Stories" column which appeared in the "Flux" newspaper in the mid-1990s.
She also worked as a TV reporter and news anchor in Chisinau.
She moved to Paris in 2008.
She published her first book "Fabule Moderne" (short stories) in 2014, and her first novel "Vara în care mama a avut ochii verzi" in 2017.
The novel won multiple literary prizes and has been translated into French and Spanish.
Her second novel "Grădina de sticlă" won the EU Prize for Literature.
Balkapan Inn
The Balkapan Inn or Balkapan Han was an inn in the Fener neighbourhood of Istanbul.
Built upon extensive medieval vaults, it is first mentioned in historical sources in the 17th century, when it was the base of Egyptian honey merchants in Constantinople.
In the 19th century it became a centre of social, commercial and cultural life for Christians travelling to the city from Ottoman Bulgaria, especially tailors.
The first Bulgarian language printing press was set up on the premises in 1849.
Luis Gamíz
Luis Javier Gamíz Ávila (born 4 April 2000) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Club Tijuana.
Hōjō Coal Mine Disaster
Mitsubishi formally opened the Hōjō mine in 1908.
It was the seventh mine in an elaborate network of mines known as the Mitsubishi Chikuho coalfield.
The mine was a shaft mine that pioneered deep shaft mining in Japan and was one of the deeper mines of its day, at parts was deep.
On December 15, 1914 coal dust and methane gas mixed together in the air until some sort of spark set off a giant explosion.
The blast sent the mine shaft cage, used to take miners in and out of the mine, flying out of the mine shaft.
After the explosion, the owners of mine cut up hundreds of oranges and tossed them down the shaft thinking that the citrus would negate the poison gas fumes.
As the rescuers went down into the mine they "Each held a summer orange in their mouth and went down breathing only through their noses" under the same belief.
After a short while to prevent the fire from spreading underground and destroying valuable coal the mine's entrances were sealed to put out the fire but as a result, also killing anyone who survived the initial explosion underground.
As with most Japanese mines the wives worked with their husbands and an estimated 20% of those killed were women.
Deaths by mine sector location.
Notes
References
Kalena Bovell
Kalena Bovell is an American conductor.
Bovell is of both African-American and Hispanic heritage.
She is currently conducting at the Memphis Symphony Orchestra.
Bovell grew up in Los Angeles after moving there from Panama.
Her parents immigrated from Central America and worked hard to support their family.
She first found out about classical music when she was eleven and her first "private lesson" occurred when she was 18.
Bovell played the violin.
She discovered her love of conducting at Chapman University which she graduated from in 2009.
She attended graduate school at The Hartt School.
Bovell has worked as the Orchestra Director at the Loomis Chaffee School and in 2015 staged the "Swan Princess", an adaptation of "Swan Lake" by Tchaikovsky.
In 2017, the "Chicago Tribune" wrote that her skill at conducting "Slavonic Dances: Opus 46 No.
2 and Opus 72 No.
7" by Antonín Dvořák was "brilliant."
Bovell became the assistant conductor for the Memphis Symphony Orchestra in 2019.
Currently, Bovell is the only African-American and Hispanic conductor in the United States.
Marta Dzido
Marta Dzido (born 1981) is a Polish writer and documentary filmmaker.
She studied at the Polish Film School in Łódź, and has shot and/or directed a number of documentaries, among them the award-winning "Downtown" (2010) and "Solidarity According to Women" (2014).
She has also written several novels and a non-fiction book "Women of Solidarity" (2016).
She won the European Union Prize for Literature for her novel "Frajda" (2018).
Wladimir Klitschko vs. Lamon Brewster
Wladimir Klitschko vs. Lamon Brewster was a professional boxing match contested between former WBO heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko and Lamon Brewster for the vacant WBO heavyweight title.
The event took place on 10 April 2004 at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino in Last Vegas, Nevada.
After his shock knockout defeat at the hands of Corrie Sanders, first brought in new trainer Freddie Roach to assist lead trainer Fritz Sdunek for his quick knockouts of Fabio Eduardo Moli and Danell Nicholson.
Following these fights Roach left the Klitschko camp to make way for new lead trainer Emanuel Steward who had become avaliable after the retirement of WBC & Lineal champion Lennox Lewis.
Brewster was on a five fight win streak (all by TKO) since his 2000 defeats against Clifford Etienne & Charles Shufford, he was previously set to challenge newly crowned WBO title holder Corrie Sanders, who declined the fight in favour of a bout with Vitali Klitschko for the vacent WBC belt.
He was then set to face David Tua for the vacent belt in February 2004 before Tua unexpectedly pulled out.
In the midst of this, in October 2003, his veteran trainer Bill Slayton died at the age of 81.
After a press conference before the fight Brewster was seen in tears after talking about Slayton death, leading to comparisons with Buster Douglas who's mother passed away in the build up to his title bout with Mike Tyson.
On the day of the fight Brewster was a 7 to 1 underdog.
The first four rounds were dominated by Klitschko, who knocked Brewster down in the fourth with a right hand and appeared to be close to stopping the American but he made through the round.
In the fifth round Klitschko appeared somewhat fatigued and with less than a minute left in the round Brewster caught him with a pair of left hooks than sent him into ropes which referee Robert Byrd classified as a knockdown.
Brewster then dominated the remainder of round before Klitschko hit the canvas shortly after bell sounded to end the round.
After making it to his feet Klitschko attempted to return to his corner but Byrd waved the fight off giving Brewster a TKO victory and the WBO belt.
Throughout the fight Klitschko landed 39% of his punches while Brewster landed 27%.
Brewster dedicated his victory to Slayden, and would make his first defence five months later against Kali Meehan.
Nearly a month after the fight Klitschko's attorney Judd Burstein sent the U.S. Attorney's office in Las Vegas a letter asking for a federal investigation of the fight, citing what he said were "mysterious circumstances" surrounding the fight.
These concerns were dismissed by Nevada Athletic Commission executive director Marc Ratner sho said "We were so concerned that night that we sent him to the trauma unit instead of the emergency room with a neurosurgeon in the ambulance," Ratner said.
"He took all the appropriate tests, both urine and blood.
There was nothing in those tests irregular or remarkable."
No proof of wrongdoing was ever found.
The two boxers would have a rematch in 2007 with Brewster's corner asking the fight to be stopped at the end of the sixth round, and throughout the rest of his long carrer Klitschko would use this loss as driving force saying in an interview with ESPN's Dan Rafael "I will be thankful to Lamon until my grave.
It's something that changed my life.
I'm not sure what I would have become had I won.
That fight changed my life for the good.
".
Confirmed bouts:
Bia Doria
Beatriz Maria Bettanin Doria, better known as Bia Doria (born 8 May 1961), is a Brazilian plastic artist, and current First Lady of São Paulo (state), being married to Governor João Doria.
In October 2016, soon after her husband had won the 2016 São Paulo mayoral election, Bia Doria gave an interview to Folha de S.Paulo newspaper where she stated not knowing famous places in São Paulo center region (mostly visited by poorer people) and that the Avanhandava Street (known for its fine dining restaurants) was the only place safe enough for one to walk on "as in New York".
About the rampant social inequality of the city, she said something should be done to diminish the gap between the rich and the poor because "it's not good to have an employee with nutritional problems".
She also mentioned she would never ride on São Paulo's bikeways due to safety issues.
Besides the elitist tone of her declarations, she said she felt comfortable near poor people, and compared herself to Eva Perón.
The interview was held inside her Porsche Cayenne.
The interview had wide negative repercussion for her and her husband's image.
Bia's personal website was hacked the on same day the interview was published.
After the episode, Bia Doria avoided giving further interviews.
SS Francis Asbury
SS "Francis Asbury" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after Francis Asbury, one of the first two bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church in the United States.
Ashbury traveled thousands of miles those living on the frontier to deliver hundreds of sermons each year.
"Francis Asbury" was laid down on 12 September 1942, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1195, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Mrs. Benjamin F. Crowles, the wife of one of the vice presidents of the St. John's River SB Co., she was launched on 17 April 1943.
She was allocated to A.H. Bull & Co., Inc., on 5 June.
On 3 December 1944, she was mined off Ostend, Belgium, while steaming from New York to Ostend, with war supplies.
She was beached off Blankenberge, and declared a Constructive Total Loss (CTL).
She was sold for scrapping, on 6 April 1953, to Hydraulica, for $2000.
She was delivered, 28 April 1953.
Wreck location:
Crackin' Down Hard
Crackin' Down Hard is a Canadian short comedy film, directed by Mike Clattenburg and released in 2012.
The films stars Nicolas Wright as a man trying to relax in isolation California's Joshua Tree National Park, when another man (Yoursie Thomas) shows up to offer him a prostitute.
The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival, where it received an honorable mention from the Best Canadian Short Film award jury.
In December 2012, the film was named to TIFF's annual year-end Canada's Top Ten list for short films.
Pyrrhus and Demetrius
Pyrrhus and Demetrius was a 1708 adaptation for the London stage of the 1694 opera "Il Pirro e Demetrio" by Alessandro Scarlatti with a libretto by Adriano Morselli, first performed at the .
"Pyrrhus and Demetrius" was the second most successful opera in early 18th century London, after "Camilla".
It had 58 or 59 performances between 1708 and 1717.
The opera marked the London debut of the castrato Nicolò Grimaldi (Nicolini).
The London version was prepared by Nicola Haym, who composed a new overture and 24 new arias, retaining only 14 of Scarlatti’s original arias.
Haym also inserted an aria by Handel from Agrippina: "Ho un non so che nel cor".
The English libretto was created by Owen Swiny.
In January 1709 Walsh, Randall, and Hare printed the overture and 54 arias in "Songs in the Opera Call'd Pyrrhus and Demetrius".
In May 1709 a different edition of "The Songs in the Opera of Pyrrhus and Demetrius" was published by John Cullen.
The roles in the opera are:
Pyrrhus, king of Epirus; Demetrius king of Macedonia; Climene, daughter of King Lysimachus, enemy of Demetrius; Climene, sister of Pyrrhus; Clearte, lover of Deidamia; Arbante, a knight; Marius, son of Arbante; Breno, servant of Deidamia.
The action is set in ancient Macedonia.
Demetrius has seized the throne after having murdered Alexander, himself the murderer of his mother Thessalonice.
He then wants to invade Asia, but Ptolemy, Seleucus and Lysimachus join forces against him, joined by Pyrrhus, king of Epirus.
Pyrrhus succeeds in driving out Demetrius and replacing him on the throne, before himself being driven away by Lysimachus.
The opera opened at the Queen's Theatre on December 14, 1708, with the castrato Nicolò Grimaldi (Nicolini) starring as Pyrrhus, who had sung in the original 1694 production in Naples; another castrato Valentino Urbani, (Valentini) in the role of Demetrius, Littleton Ramondon (Cleartes), Purbeck Turner (Arbantes), Margherita de L’Epine (Marius), Cook (Brennus), Catherine Tofts (Climene), Joanna Maria Lindelheim (Deidamia).
The two castrati sang in Italian, the other singers in English.
The sets for the first production were created by Marco Ricci and Giovanni Antonio Pellegrini.
The opera had a significant impact on the business of running an opera house in England.
Nicolini brought with him a detailed account of the economics of Venetian opera houses, and the management of the Queen’s Theatre adapted its business model accordingly.
In accordance with Nicolini’s advice a subscription of 1000 guineas was raised from Queen Anne and both subscriptions and ticket prices were increased.
Richard Steele described the opera as 'a noble entertainment,' and praised Nicolini who, ‘by the grace and propriety of his action and gesture, does honour to an human figure.’ The author of "A Critical Discourse" stated that the opera was considered to be the best Scarlatti ever wrote, having achieved universal applause wherever it was performed.
He also praised the judicious composition and addition of new material in the Lindon adaptation, which he contrasted with the incoherent efforts of earlier ventures such as "Arsinoe, Queen of Cyprus".
CPA Donald O. Hebb Award for Distinguished Contributions to Psychology as a Science
The CPA Donald O. Hebb Award for Distinguished Contributions to Psychology as a Science is an annual award presented by the Canadian Psychological Association (CPA).
The Hebb award is presented to an individual who has made a significant contribution to Canadian psychology as a scientific discipline (as a researcher, teacher, theorist, spokesperson, or public policy developer).
Recipients are nominated by their peers and selected by a committee of CPA Fellows.
The prize was originally named the Award for Distinguished Contributions to Canadian Psychology as a Science when it was presented to its first recipient, Donald O. Hebb, in 1980.
The 1986 award was the first to carry Hebb's name in its title.
This award is not to be confused with other awards also named after Hebb.
The American Psychological Association's Society for Behavioral Neuroscience and Comparative Psychology (SBNCP) presents the D.O.
Hebb Distinguished Scientific Contributions Award for research in behavioral neuroscience and/or comparative psychology.
The Canadian Society for Brain, Behaviour and Cognitive Science (CSBBCS) presents the Donald O. Hebb Distinguished Contribution Award for contributions to the science of the brain, behaviour, and cognition.
Roman Sorkin
Roman Sorkin (; born August 11, 1996) is an Israeli professional basketball player for Maccabi Haifa of the Israeli Premier League.
He played college basketball for the University of Oregon before playing professionally in Israel.
Sorkin was born in Minsk, Belarus.
He lived his first two years in Belarus before growing up in Ashdod, Israel.
Sorkin played four years of college basketball at the University of Oregon.
On November 10, 2017, Sorkin recorded a career-high 23 points and seven rebounds in his career start, while shooting 8-of-9 from the field, in a 70–54 win over Coppin State.
On April 28, 2018, Sorkin started his professional career with Maccabi Haifa of the Israeli Premier League, signing a three-year deal.
That season, Haifa finished the season in the last place out of 12 teams and was relegated to the Israeli National League (the second-tier league in Israel).
On April 12, 2019, Sorkin recorded a career-high 19 points, while shooting 7-of-11 from the field, along with eight rebounds in a 77–79 loss to Hapoel Afula.
In 30 games played during the 2018–19 season, he averaged 8.4 points and 4.4 rebounds per game.
Sorkin won the 2019 Israeli National League Championship title with Haifa, earning a promotion back to the Israeli Premier League.
On December 8, 2019, Sorkin scored a game-winner shot with 1.6 seconds left, giving Haifa a 77–75 win over Hapoel Be'er Sheva.
On December 15, 2019, Sorkin recorded a season-high 17 points, while shooting 5-of-6 from the field, along with six rebounds in an 81–95 loss to Hapoel Jerusalem.
Sorkin was a member of the Israeli under-18 and under-20 national teams.
In August 2014, Sorkin participated in the 2014 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship Division B, where he averaged 14.1 points and 9.9 rebounds per game.
1947 Prairie View A&amp;M Panthers football team
The 1947 Prairie View A&M Panthers football team was an American football team that represented Prairie View A&M University in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1947 college football season.
In their third season under head coach Billy Nicks, the team compiled a 6–6 record, lost to Wilberforce State in the Fruit Bowl and to in the Prairie View Bowl, and was outscored by a total of 137 to 89.
Prairie View ranked No.
17 among the nation's black college football teams according to the "Pittsburgh Courier" and its Dickinson Rating System.
Ian Coutts (bishop)
Ian Alexander Coutts (born 1956) has been Anglican Bishop of Bunbury since 2018.
He was educated at the University of Warwick (BA, 1977), Jesus College, Oxford (MSc, 1980), King's College London and Charles Sturt University, Sydney (PhD, 2015).
Patriots Point Soccer Complex
Patriots Point Soccer Complex is a soccer venue located in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.
It has been home to the College of Charleston Cougars soccer teams, member of the Division I Colonial Athletic Association, since its opening in fall 2000.
Beginning in 2020, the venue will also host Charleston Battery of the USL Championship.
The venue is located across Charleston Harbor from the campus of the college.
The field was dedicated as Ralph Lundy Field on September 28, 2019 to honor long-time Cougars head coach Ralph Lundy.
In conjunction with the arrival of USL Championship club Charleston Battery to the facility for the 2020 season, the stadium is currently undergoing a renovation which will initially increase capacity to 3,900.
Bernice Kentner
Bernice Kentner was an American cosmetologist, author, and color theorist.
Bernice Kentner was born in Cheyenne, Wyoming and later moved to North Platte, Nebraska.
In the 1980s, Kentner relocated to Concord, California.
Bernice Kentner was a leading proponent of seasonal color analysis in the 1970s and 1980s.
By the 1990s, Jo Peddicord still considered Kentner's philosophy of color to be one of the most prominent color analysis systems in the United States, and Peddicord acknowledged that Kentner had an international following.
In 2003, The Register-Guard stated that Kentner's book "Color Me a Season" "helped spur the 1980s boom in color analysis."
In the 2010s, some authors argued that Kentner's system had become outdated, such as June McLeod, who wrote in 2016 that "today there are few people in the colour world who still follow her work by using the four season system"
The color analysis system developed by Bernice Kentner differs from the other notable system that Carole Jackson developed in the 1973 publication "Color Me Beautiful"; Kentner's system focuses more specifically on skin color, while hair color is considered secondary.
In the book "Going Gray", Anne Kreamer dedicates an entire chapter to apparel called "It's Not The Gray, It's the Clothes."
Kreamer states that the seasonal metaphors of the cosmetologist Bernice Kentner's "Color Me a Season" system have allowed beauticians "to find the best tone and hue for clients' particular complexions and coloring and hair."
Kreamer also discusses her surprise when she discovered that she herself is a Summer according to Kentner's system.
In 2011, Jules Standish wrote that Pat Scott Vincent's color analysis system "Colourflair" was "based on Bernice Kentner's methods"
In their article "Color Analysis in the Marketplace," Jo Ann Hilliker and Jean Rogers also wrote that Bernice Kentner's system "classifies individuals similar to the "Color Me Beautiful" approach, but she also recommends examining the iris of the eye to determine the right season.
The Summer eye has a 'cracked glass' pattern.
The Winter eye has 'spokes' from the pupil to the edge of the iris.
A 'sunburst' surrounds the pupil of the Spring eye and the Autumn eye is distinguished by a ring of gold or brown around the pupil and brown flecks in the iris."
Bernice Kentner was a member of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
She married Dean Kentner in the Spring of 1948.
As per OCLC WorldCat.
President Ho Chi Minh's Testament
The President Ho Chi Minh's Testament is a political document written by Vietnamese revolutionary and President Ho Chi Minh.
In his thousand word testament, Ho Chi Minh extols his countrymen to continue the fight for independence and communist revolution in a unified Vietnam.
The testament also provides instructions for the Communist Party of Vietnam to lead the Vietnamese people towards socialism and national liberation.
The continues testament is the subject of wide discussion and study in Vietnam, and was central to the development of Ho Chi Minh Thought.
In 1965, due to his deteriorating Ho Chi Minh began to write his last testament.
The testament underwent multiple drafts and was finally published in 1969.
Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics – Women's 500 metres grade II
The Women's 500 metres grade II event was one of the events held in Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics.
In total five competitors from three nations competed in the event.
All three medals were won by Norwegian competitors.
Dewees, Texas
Dewees is a ghost town in Wilson County, Texas, a few miles southwest of Poth, Texas.
The town was founded at the end of the Civil War by the brothers John Oatman Dewees and Thomas Dewees, who became very successful cattlemen, delivering tens of thousands of Texas Longhorn cattle annually from their ranching operations in the area.
Dewees had a school for many years, but there are no visible remains of it.
Schneider's Store, on the other hand, remains in operation, for over 85 years (since 1932), and there are a few houses near it.
The store's owner for its first 65 years, "Aunt Helen" Schneider, had a poodle that would start barking at customers at closing time.
As of 1998, she had 30 nieces, 17 nephews, 61 great-nieces, 65 great-nephews, 184 great-great-nieces and -nephews, and 37 great-great-great-nieces and -nephews, making a total of 394 people who might properly call her "Aunt Helen".
Alfred and Helen Schneider also operated a cotton gin and Hereford ranching operation until Alfred died in 1967.
The Dewees Remschel House is a historic mansion that was originally in Gonzales, Texas, where it was built by Dr. Robert Taggart Knox, sometime in the late 1860s.
The house was moved by its owner Claribel Dewees Remschel to her 130 acre ranch near Dewees (at FM 541 and CR 206) in 1983, and was renovated over the next 15 years.
It now belongs to the Wilson County Historical Society and operates as a museum and event venue.
Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics – Women's 700 metres grade II
The Women's 700 metres grade II event was one of the events held in Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics.
In total five competitors from three nations competed in the event.
All three medals were won by Norwegian competitors.
Yoobyeolna!
Chef Moon
Yoobyeolna!
Chef Moon () is an upcoming South Korean television mini series produced by Glovic Entertainment and Story Networks for Channel A, starring Eric Mun and Go Won-hee.
The drama is a healing romantic comedy that follows the live and love of a star chef Moon Seung-mo and a reckless famous fashion designer Yoo Yoo-jin after they meet each other at Seo Ha Village.
The drama will premiere in March 2020 after Touch completed.
First script reading took place on November 16th, 2019.
Moon Seung-mo (Eric Mun) is a popular star chef who is responsible for creating the fine Korean cuisine dining boom.
He loves to cook with organic ingredients while the current culinary environment is filled with food made with MSG and problematic ingredients.
After his parent died suddenly from a fire, he decides to move the quaint Seo Ha Village.
Meanwhile, Yoo Yoo-jin (Go Won-hee), also known as Yoo Bella, is a renowned fashion designer.
She moves to Seo Ha Village after losing her memory from an accident.
She becomes acting completely different than her usual glamorous self.
Due to her reckless behavior, she earns the nickname “Yoobyeolna”(unique, oddball) among the village locals.
Moon Seung-mo's peaceful daily life suddenly turns upside down with the sudden appearance of Yoo Yoo-jin at the village.
Cherokee Ranch
Cherokee Ranch, in Douglas County, Colorado near Sedalia, Colorado, has been a purebred cattle ranch since 1954, including raising Santa Gertrudis cattle.
The ranch is private property but offers frequent public and private events and tours.
A large portion of the ranch was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The listing included 19 contributing buildings, five contributing structures, a contributing site, and a contributing object on .
The buildings are distributed among four historic building groups created by two homesteaders and a rich heiress.
The four groups are:
The first part of the property eventually assembled was homesteaded by Maine-born John E. Blunt.
A former Union soldier, he arrived with his family in 1868 from Kansas in a covered wagon which brought apple tree slips.
He settled on land along East Plum Creek at homestead site now on the south side of U.S. Highway 85.
It was extremely cold in winters along the creek, so they moved to higher ground in 1873 and built a wood frame house at the current location of ranch headquarters.
An original apple tree brought to the new site survived in 1994.
Blunt acquired others' homestead properties and eventually what he called Sunflower Ranch had on which he farmed wheat, sorghum, and steers.
The ranch was sold by Ray Blunt in 1954 to Mildred Montague Genevieve Kimball, known as "Tweet" Kimball, who chose to call it Amnicola after her property in Chattanooga on the Tennessee River.
Tweet Kimball, known as "a delightfully eccentric international traveler, philanthropist, equestrian, award-winning cattlewoman and legendary hostess", lived 55 years in Cherokee Castle.
Her first of four husbands was Merritt Kirk Ruddock, of aristocratic family and C.I.A.
connections.
The ranch has on both south and north of U.S. Highway 85, but the listing is limited to the property north of 85, which includes four historic building groups.
The four are:
The listing covers property north of U.S. Route 85 and south of Daniels Park Road.
Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics – Women's 1000 metres grade II
The Women's 1000 metres grade II event was one of the events held in Ice sledge speed racing at the 1988 Winter Paralympics.
In total four competitors from two nations competed in the event.
All three medals were won by Norwegian competitors.
Glave (disambiguation)
A glave or glaive is a European pole weapon.
Glave, Glaves, GLAVE, or Glaive may also refer to:
SS John J. Crittenden
SS "John J. Crittenden" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after John J. Crittenden, an American politician from Kentucky.
He represented the state in both the US House of Representatives and the US Senate and twice served as United States Attorney General in the administrations of William Henry Harrison, John Tyler, and Millard Fillmore.
He was also the 17th governor of Kentucky and served in the state legislature.
"John J. Crittenden" was laid down on 15 October 1942, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1196, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Mrs. Earl D. Page, the wife of the treasurer of the St. John's River SB Co., she was launched on 7 May 1943.
She was allocated to A.H. Bull & Co., Inc., on 24 June 1943.
On 10 July 1948, she was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Wilmington, North Carolina.
She was sold for scrapping, on 4 April 1968, to Union Minerals and Alloys.
She was delivered, 15 May 1968.
Fraïssé limit
In mathematical logic, specifically in the discipline of model theory, the Fraïssé limit (also called the Fraïssé construction or Fraïssé amalgamation) is a method used to construct (infinite) mathematical structures from their (finite) substructures.
It is a special example of the more general concept of a direct limit in a category.
The technique was developed in the 1950s by its namesake, French logician Roland Fraïssé.
The main point of Fraïssé's construction is to show how one can approximate a (countable) structure by its finitely generated substructures.
Given a class formula_1 of finite relational structures, if formula_1 satisfies certain properties (described below), then there exists a unique countable structure formula_3, called the Fraïssé limit of formula_1, which contains all the elements of formula_1 as substructures.
The general study of Fraïssé limits and related notions is sometimes called Fraïssé theory.
This field has seen wide applications to other parts of mathematics, including topological dynamics, functional analysis, and Ramsey theory.
Fix a language formula_6.
By an "formula_6-structure", we mean a logical structure having signature formula_6.
Given an formula_6-structure formula_10 with domain formula_11, and a subset formula_12, we use formula_13 to denote the least substructure of formula_10 whose domain contains formula_15 (i.e.
the closure of formula_15 under all the function and constant symbols in formula_6).
A substructure formula_18 of formula_10 is then said to be "finitely generated" if formula_20 for some "finite" subset formula_12.
The "age of formula_10," denoted formula_23, is the class of all finitely generated substructures of "formula_10."
One can prove that any class formula_1 that is the age of some structure satisfies the following two conditions:
Hereditary property (HP)
Joint embedding property (JEP)
As above, we noted that for any formula_6-structure "formula_10, formula_23" satisfies the HP and JEP.
Fraïssé proved a sort-of-converse result: when formula_1 is any non-empty, countable set of finitely generated formula_6-structures that has the above two properties, then it is the age of some countable structure.
Furthermore, suppose that formula_1 happens to satisfy the following additional properties.
Amalgamation property (AP)
Essential countability (EC)
In that case, we say that K is a "Fraïssé class", and there is a unique (up to isomorphism), countable, homogeneous structure formula_3 whose age is exactly formula_1.
This structure is called the "Fraïssé limit" of formula_1.
Here, "homogeneous" means that any isomorphism "formula_53" between two finitely generated substructures formula_31 can be extended to an automorphism of the whole structure.
The archetypal example is the class formula_55 of all finite linear orderings, for which the Fraïssé limit is a dense linear order without endpoints (i.e.
no smallest nor largest element).
Up to isomorphism, this is always equivalent to the structure formula_56, i.e.
the rational numbers with the usual ordering.
As a non-example, note that neither formula_57 nor formula_58 are the Fraïssé limit of formula_55.
This is because, although both of them are countable and have formula_55 as their age, neither one is homogeneous.
To see this, consider the substructures formula_61 and formula_62, and the isomorphism formula_63 between them.
This cannot be extended to an automorphism of formula_57 or formula_58, since there is no element to which we could map formula_66, while still preserving the order.
Another example is the class formula_67 of all finite graphs, whose Fraïssé limit is the Rado graph.
Suppose our class formula_1 under consideration satisfies the additional property of being "uniformly locally finite", which means that for every formula_69, there is a uniform bound on the size of an formula_69-generated substructure.
This condition is equivalent to the Fraïssé limit of formula_1 being ω-categorical.
For example, the class of finite dimensional vector spaces over a fixed field is always a Fraïssé class, but it is uniformly locally finite only if the field is finite.
Jeffrey Jay
Jeffrey Jay (b.
1988) is an American comedian, writer, and public speaker.
In 2011, the "The Advocate" placed him on their list 7 Funny LGBT Comics You Shouldn’t Have Missed.
In 2013, he was a finalist for Funniest Comedian in Texas; the same year, "The Advocate" named him one of the 5 Hottest Transgender Comedians.
In television, Jay has appeared on the CW's "The Eye Opener".
Jay has spoken and performer at universities around the country, including Ramapo College of New Jersey; the University of New Haven in Connecticut; Hilbert College in Hamburg, New York; Wilson College in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania; Lake Superior State University in Sault Ste.
Marie, Michigan; Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan; Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia, Eastern Illinois University, and the University of Delaware.
Jay was raised in Texas.
He came out as a lesbian at age 14.
Using a fake ID, he began going to a gay club in Houston.
By age 20, Jay knew that something was unresolved in regard to his gender identity.
Upon seeing a TV program featuring a trans man, he had his realization and knew he needed to transition.
His parents were supportive, and Jay found a clinic in New York that was willing to expedite the then-two-year waiting period for hormones.
Jay began his testosterone at age 21.
He shortly thereafter dropped out of college and moved back to Texas where he sold knives in malls.
Jay has performed at comedy events such as the Dallas Comedy Festival, Portland Queer Comedy Festival, Bridgetown Comedy Festival, and Los Angeles Pride.
He tours regularly and has played venues across the United States including Westside Comedy Theater in Santa Monica, California; the Funny Farm Comedy Club in Youngstown, Ohio; Ice House Comedy Club in Pasadena, California; and Ray Combs Florida Comedy Club.
He also tours universities across the U.S.
Halosaccion glandiforme
Halosaccion glandiforme, also known as sea sacs or sea grapes, is a species of red algae.
It was first described to science by S. G. Gmelin in 1768, in what is arguably the first book to focus on marine biology, "Historia Fucorum""."
Franz Josef Ruprecht is responsible for the current taxonomic description.
The type specimen was collected in Kamchatka, Russia.
The thallus, or body, of this algae is a hollow, torpedo-shaped sac.
This ellipsoid shape has low drag through the water allowing the algae to inhabit areas with significant wave and current energy.
The sac is reddish-purple to yellowish-brown in color.
It can be as long as , but is usually shorter.
The sac can be up to in diameter.
The sac wall is up to thick.
There are 5 to 15 small pores in the thallus that allow sea water into and out of the sac.
These pores are to in diameter.
When submerged, the elasticity of the sac walls draws water into the thallus through the pores.
Rapid photosynthesis produces a small oxygen bubble inside the sac which holds it toward the surface and the energy of the sun.
The sac tapers to a short stipe, or stem, that connects to a small, disc-shaped holdfast which anchors the algae to the bottom.
The stipe is relatively weak, but sufficient to anchor the algae given the low drag of the thallus.
When the tide goes out, the algae desiccates in the open air.
Water from the sac leaks out of the pores, keeping the thallus cool and moist.
As the water leaks away, the sac deflates and may appear flattened.
While a deflated sac will perish in the sun within three hours, sacs that are water-filled when the tide goes out remain moist and cool, surviving until the next tide covers them.
Older sea sacs sometimes have their tips abraded away, leaving them without their internal supply of water.
Sea sacs are widely distributed in the north Pacific Ocean.
The species is found from the Russian Far East to the Bering and Chukchi Seas, the Aleutian Islands, mainland Alaska and south along the coast of North America to Point Conception, California.
Sea sacs are found in Puget Sound.
This is a shallow water species growing in the low to middle intertidal zone.
It usually grows on rock, showing a very marked preference for the rough, exposed points of rock rather than the cracks and valleys in rock.
It may also grow on algae, including "Corallina vancouveriensis" and "Neorhodomela larix""."
It will growth in areas that are exposed to waves and in semi-protected areas.
This algae is an annual, appearing in the Spring and degenerating in the Fall.
It has a complex reproductive strategy.
The obvious sea sacs that are seen in the intertidal zone are a mix of male gametophytes and asexual tetrasporophytes.
They appear to be identical, but close examination reveals the thalli of the tetrasporophytes to be dotted with the red tetraspores.
The female gametophyte is microscopic and unlikely to be noticed outside of a laboratory.
The reproductive cycle of sea sacs proceeds are follows:
Sea sacs generate all their energy from photosynthesis.
They are eaten by limpets and the black turban snail, "Tegula funebralis".
They are edible by humans, either raw or in soups.
Small amphipods may chew their way into a sac and live there, safe from predators.
William Leach (cricketer, born 1883)
William Robert Ronald Leach (3 April 1883 – 1 November 1969) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Navy officer.
The son of Major-General Edmund Leach and Frances Elizabeth Ince, he was born at Kensington in April 1883.
He was commissioned as a sub-lieutenant in the Royal Navy in September 1902, with promotion to lieutenant following in April 1905.
Leach later made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Royal Navy against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1913.
He took 3 wickets in the Army first-innings, dismissing Douglas Robinson, Arthur Turner and Francis Wilson to finish with figures of 3 for 61.
He was dismissed by Francis Wyatt in both the Royal Navy innings', with the Army winning the match by 10 wickets.
After serving in the First World War, he was placed on the retired list at his own request in December 1919, at which point he held the rank of lieutenant commander.
Although retired, he was made a commander in April 1923.
Leach died at Eastbourne in November 1969.
His brother Henry Leach was a Brigadier-General in the army.
John Kinner House
The John Kinner House, in Douglas County, Colorado near Sedalia, Colorado, was built in 1896.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
It is a two-story house with a one-story wing to the rear, built of squared sandstone quarried by John Kinner, an immigrant from Germany.
The five high and narrow bays on the main facade reflect German style.
It is located at 6694 Perry Park Rd.
Doug Smart
John Douglas Smart (December 4, 1936 – November 18, 2019) was an American basketball player.
He played college basketball for the University of Washington, where he was an All-American as a senior.
Smart was born and raised in Seattle.
He played for Garfield High School, where he averaged 26.7 points per game and led the team to a state championship in 1955.
Following the close of his high school career, Smart chose the hometown Washington Huskies for college.
He was a three-year starter for coach Tippy Dye, averaging 18.9 points and 13.5 rebounds per game for his career.
He was named to the All-Pacific Coast Conference (now Pac-12) team each of his three varsity seasons.
He was an Associated Press (AP) honorable mention all three years and a third-team All-American by the United Press International (UPI) as a senior in 1959.
Smart finished his career as the school’s all-time leading rebounder with 1,051 rebounds (since eclipsed).
Following his college career, he was drafted by the Detroit Pistons in the seventh round (48th pick overall) of the 1959 NBA draft.
Smart decided against pursuing a professional career, instead becoming a dentist.
Smart died on November 18, 2019 at the age of 82.
Marcelo Felipe
Marcelo Felipe Hernández (born 10 February 1990) is a Filipino cyclist, who currently rides for .
Rydman
Rydman is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
List of presidents of the University of Scranton
This article is a list of presidents of the University of Scranton, located in Scranton, Pennsylvania.
Key: a dash (–) indicates an acting president.
Gisela Robledo
Gisela Robledo Gil (born 13 May 2003) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a midfielder for América de Cali and the Colombia women's national team.
Robledo made her senior debut for Colombia on 9 November 2019.
1990 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group I
The Europe/Africa Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 1990.
In the Europe/Africa Zone there were two different tiers, called groups, in which teams competed against each other to advance to the upper tier.
Winners in Group I advanced to the World Group Qualifying Round, along with losing teams from the World Group first round.
Teams who lost in the first round competed in the relegation play-offs, with winning teams remaining in Group I, whereas teams who lost their play-offs were relegated to the Europe/Africa Zone Group IIs in 1991.
1947 Texas College Steers football team
The 1947 Texas College Steers football team was an American football team that represented Texas College in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1947 college football season.
In their sixth season under head coach Alexander Durley, the team compiled a 5–2–3 record, 3–1–1 against conference opponents.
The team was ranked No.
16 among the nation's black college football teams according to the "Pittsburgh Courier" and its Dickinson Rating System.
Jurgis Petkūnas
Jurgis Petkūnas (also Petkevičius, Petkonis; ; died in 1574) was a Bishop of Samogitia from 1567 to 1574.
He received medical education in universities in Germany and Italy.
Despite his lack of theological education, Petkūnas was confirmed as bishop in November 1567.
He inherited a neglected diocese that had only about 20 priests and faced competition from the Protestants.
He was the first Samogitian bishop charged with implementing the Counter-Reformation decisions of the Council of Trent.
Petkūnas was born in Eišiškės to a wealthy Lithuanian noble family.
He was orphaned as a child.
He studied at the University of Wittenberg and University of Padua and University of Ferrara where he earned a doctorate in medicine in May 1556.
Petkūnas returned to Lithuania and became a physician of bishop as well as the Calvinist supporter Mikołaj "the Black" Radziwiłł.
According to an anonymous satire from 1568, Petkūnas also served as a royal physician.
He became a canon of the cathedral chapter in Varniai, which was then the seat of the Diocese of Samogitia.
In November 1563, he became a canon of the cathedral chapter in Vilnius, capital of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and seat of the Diocese of Vilnius.
On 30 January 1567, Grand Duke Sigismund Augustus sent a request to Pope Pius V to reassign bishop from Samogitia to now vacant Diocese of Lutsk and to appoint Petkūnas as bishop of Samogitia.
Despite his lack of theological education, Petkūnas was confirmed as bishop on 14 November 1567.
The diocese did not have a permanent bishop for about four years and Petkūnas found it neglected and affected by the Protestant Reformation.
He was the first Samogitian bishop charged with implementing the Counter-Reformation decisions of the Council of Trent.
However, little is known about his activities in the diocese; he likely spent a lot of time in Vilnius and not in Samogitia.
In 1569, together with other bishops, he signed the Union of Lublin.
He supported reconstruction of the Church of St. Francis and St. Bernard in Vilnius and bequeathed religious paintings from Holland, liturgical objects and robes to Varniai Cathedral.
In his last will, Petkūnas left 1,700 kopas of Lithuanian groschens to send twelve students to the Jesuit Academy in Vilnius.
The money was used by his successor Bishop Merkelis Giedraitis to construct a house in Vilnius for Samogitian clerics.
In 1573, Petkūnas promoted his nephew Petras Petkūnas, ordained only as an acolyte, to a canon of the cathedral chapter in Varniai and gave him parishes in Betygala and Viduklė.
However, Petras Petkūnas neglected his parishes and frequently lived in Vilnius.
Petkūnas died in 1574 and was buried in a crypt of the Varniai Cathedral.
In letters of Cardinal Michele Bonelli, before his appointment as bishop, Petkūnas was evaluated as having two undesirable traits – relatively low birth and enjoying alcohol more than what would be appropriate for a bishop.
Petkūnas was ridiculed in "In quendam antistitem", a Latin poem by , a Spaniard working in Vilnius, for neglecting his duties and spending his time hunting.
The poem was quoted by Bishop Motiejus Valančius in his influential history of the Diocese of Samogitia.
Valančius also quoted Albert Wijuk Kojałowicz who claimed that at the time of Petkūnas, the diocese was so neglected that it had just seven priests.
This evaluation persisted in historiography, but according to Lithuanian historian Zenonas Ivinskis, it is too critical.
According to Ivinskis study, the diocese probably had about 17 to 20 priests.
During Petkūnas tenure, only one new parish church was built (in Kvėdarna in 1569).
Plagiomnium
Plagiomnium is a genus of mosses in the family Mniaceae.
It was formerly a part of a more encompassing genus "Mnium" and in 1968 Finish bryologist Timo Juhani Koponen justified splitting the genus into a number of smaller genera.
This genus is characterized by singly placed marginal teeth.
"Plagiomnium" are commonly found along shaded stream banks, seeps and springs, generally on soil with a high humus content.
Unify (song)
"Unify" is the song written and performed by American hip hop recording artists Kid Capri, Snoop Dogg and Slick Rick.
It was recorded at Larrabee Studio in Los Angeles, at Bearsville Studio in Bearsville and at The Hit Factory in New York City, and released in 1998 through Track Masters/Columbia Records as the only single from Kid Capri's sophomore studio album "Soundtrack to the Streets".
It was produced by Kid Capri himself, and contains a sample from "One Mint Julep" written by Rudy Toombs.
Its remix version was produced by Poke & Tone, and contains portions of "Good Times" written by Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers.
The song peaked at #13 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100, at #24 on the Hot Rap Songs, at #57 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales, at #62 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs of the "Billboard" charts in the United States.
It was also included in Slick Rick's 1999 album "The Art of Storytelling".
Threads (2017 film)
Threads () is a Norwegian-Canadian animated short film, directed by Torill Kove and released in 2017.
Based on Kove's own experience as an adoptive parent, the film depicts a woman who catches a thread in the sky which carries her to a baby girl, whom she raises and remains connected to with a red thread of love and emotional connection until the girl is a young woman old enough to go seek her own thread of connection to a baby of her own.
In advance of the film's release, Kove spoke about her creative process in an interview on the National Film Board of Canada's organizational blog:
The film premiered at the Norwegian Short Film Festival in June 2017, and had its Canadian premiere at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival.
In December 2017, the film was named to TIFF's annual year-end Canada's Top Ten list for short films.
In 2018, Kove also published the story as a children's book.
Tore Rydman
Tore Rydman (born October 11, 1914; died January 3, 2003) was a Swedish curler.
He was a and a 1965 Swedish men's curling champion.
In 1966 he was inducted into the Swedish Curling Hall of Fame.
Edward James Glave
Edward James Glave (13 September 1863 – 12 May 1895) was an English travel writer and journalist, known for his multiple expeditions in the Congo Free State
E. J. Glave was born in Ripon, England.
After graduating from school, Glave became an administrative clerk in London, but this did not particularly satisfy him personally.
He entered the service of the Congo Free State, under the control of Belgium, and arrived in Vivi on 12 June 1883.
Henry Morton Stanley, King Leopold's colonial agent in the Congo, was impressed by the young Glave.
Stanley, who had no children of his own, later saw his foster son in Glave.
Glave was allowed to accompany Stanley on the expedition up the Congo river.
He was tasked to build an exploratory station in Lukolela while Stanley continued.
Glave built the station and managed to make good contacts with the locals.
He stayed in Lukolela for two years; on 2 November 1885, he was appointed head of Bolobo station and a month later head of Equator station in Mbandaka.
When his contract with the Congo Free State expired in April 1886, he returned to England on June 10, 1886.
Glave then offered his services to the American diplomat and businessman Henry Shelton Sanford and was back in the Congo in 1887.
In 1889 he returned to England again.
Glave went to the United States where he could profit from lectures on his African experiences.
In New York, in 1890, he joined an expedition sponsored by "Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper" (published by Frank Leslie) to Alaska and British Columbia.
His participation was used for advertising by the newspaper.
He was the deputy leader and draftsman of the expedition.
Glave's travelogues were printed in the newspaper.
The following year, he took an expedition over the Chilkoot Pass.
After his travels on the American continent, Glave wanted to go back to Africa, this time to report on the slave trade.
With Stanley's help, he managed to convince "The Century Magazine" to fund the expedition for him.
On 25 June 1893, Glave left London.
His route began on the east coast of Africa at the Rovuma estuary.
Glave managed to find the so-called "Livingstone Tree" on Lake Bangweulu, the tree under which the heart of David Livingstone is supposed to have been buried.
Via the Congo, he reached Lukolela station, which he had built years earlier.
He collected material for a report on the cruel conditions under Belgian rule.
However, this was only published after his death, because he died on 12 May 1895 in the Congolese port city of Matadi.
Glave's writings on conditions in the Congo were well-cited by contemporary writers.
Poet Richard Watson Gilder wrote of his death, "Hero and martyr of humanity, // ⁠Dead yesterday on Afric's shore of doom!"
His account of the Congo was discussed at length by Arthur Conan Doyle in his pamphlet "The Crime of the Congo" (1909), and quoted by W. E. B.
Du Bois in his memoir "Darkwater" (1920), amongst others.
Cashore
Cashore is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Natalia Iezlovetska
Natalia Iezlovetska is a Ukrainian Paralympic athlete.
She represented Ukraine at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the silver medal in the women's 400 metres T20 event.
She won the silver medal in the women's 400 metres T20 event at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships.
She won the bronze medal in the women's 400 metres T20 event at the 2018 World Para Athletics European Championships.
William Henry Whitfeld
William Henry Whitfeld (15 October 1856, Ashford, Kent – 1 December 1915) was an English mathematician, leading expert on bridge and whist, and card editor for "The Field".
He is known as the poser of the Whitfeld Six problem in double dummy bridge.
After graduating from Chatham House Grammar School, Whitfeld matriculated in 1876 at Trinity College, Cambridge.
He graduated there in 1880 with B.A.
as twelfth wrangler in the Mathematical Tripos and in 1884 with M.A.
For several years he was a tutor and lecturer at Cavendish College, Cambridge.
In 1880 he published some double-dummy problems in whist in "The Cambridge Review: A Journal of University Life and Thought" (an undergraduates' journal founded in 1879).
His famous problem now known as "Whitfeld Six" was published in the London magazine "The Field" in the January 31st 1885 issue.
Whitfeld's whist problems are related to the mathematics of nested balanced incomplete block designs.
He wrote the article "Bridge" for the 11th edition of the "Encyclopaedia Britannica".
He also wrote a 6-page essay entitled "Probabilities" for the 1902 book "Principles and Practice of Whist".
In 1890 he married Ida Alberta Russell.
They had three sons and two daughters.
The three sons were Francis Russell (1902–1975), Miles (1903–1997), and Ivan (1904–1983).
All three sons immigrated to Australia.
One of the two daughters was named Margaret ("Maggie") (born 1913).
Liudmyla Danylina
Liudmyla Danylina (born 11 September 1985) is a Ukrainian Paralympic athlete competing in T20-classification events.
She represented Ukraine at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, Brazil and she won the bronze medal in the women's 1500 metres T20 event.
She qualified to compete in this event at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan after winning the silver medal at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
She won the silver medal in the women's 1500 metres T20 event at the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships.
She also won the silver medal at the women's 1500 metres T20 event at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
At the 2018 World Para Athletics European Championships she won the silver medal in the women's 800 metres T20 event and also the silver medal in the women's 1500 metres T20 event.
Vila Velha Theater
The Vila Velha Theater (), also known simply as "Vila", is a performing arts center in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil.
The theater was constructed in 1964 and is located on Avenida Sete, at the west of the 19th-century Neoclassical public area, the Passeio Público.
The Vila Velha Theater is based in the "Teatro dos Novos Society" (, STN), the first professional theater group dating to the 1950s.
The group was led by led by João Augusto de Azevedo (1928-1979), a professor at the Federal University of Bahia.
A group of dissident students, which consisted of Echio Reis, Sônia Robatto, Carlos Petrovich, Othon Bastos, Thereza Sá, and Carmem Bittencourt, led the creation of a permanent theater.
The state government of Bahia granted a space in the Public Promenade in 1961 for the construction of the new theater.
The premiere show of the theater was title "Nós, Por Exemplo" ("We, For Example") included Caetano Veloso, Gilberto Gil, Tom Ze, Gal Costa, and Maria Bethânia.
The theater was a center of the 1960s counterculture movement, Tropicália, and cultural opposition to the Military dictatorship in Brazil (1964-1985).
Vila hosted social protest events in the 1970s.
The theater entered into a period of decline with the death of João Augusto in 1979.
A revitalization of the theater began in 1994 under the Sol Movimento da Cena, a non-profit organization.
A large-scale renovation of the theater building followed in 1998.
The theater was designed by the architect Silvio Robatto (1935-2008) and built in the Modern style.
The style is in stark contrast to the numerous 19th century Neoclassical structures of the Passeio Publico, and of the Palácio da Aclamação.
The Vila Velha Theater has held numerous performance groups in permanent residence.
They include, at different time periods, the Companhia Teatro dos Novos, an experimental theater company; the Bando de Teatro Olodum, an Afro-Brazilian theater group; Viladança, contemporary dance group; Vilavox, Vila choir; Novos Novos, a children's theater group; the COATO Coletivo; and the Revista Barril.
1975 Māori land march
The Māori Land March of 1975, arguably New Zealand's most notable "hikoi", was a protest movement led by the group Te Rōpū Matakite ("Those with Foresight") created by Maori leader Whina Cooper.
The march started in Northland on September 14, travelling the length of the North Island arriving in Wellington on October 13 1975.
In 1953, the government under Prime Minister Sidney Holland forced the Maori Affairs Act to use so-called unproductive Māori land.
Anyone who wanted could now report unused land to the "Māori Land Court" and apply to borrow the land through an appointed trustee.
The Maori Affairs Amendment Act 1967 introduced compulsory conversion of Māori freehold land with four or fewer owners into general land.
It increased the powers of the Maori Trustee to compulsorily acquire and sell so-called uneconomic interests in Māori land.
Māori worried that the law would result in further alienation of what land remained.
As the protests increased, the Māori realized that the "New Zealand Māori Council" , which had existed since 1962, and the Māori Women’s Welfare League, founded in 1951, were not strong enough to represent their rights and political demands as their previous advocacy groups.
In early March 1975, a "Hui" (congregation) was called at Te Puea Marae in Mangere, with 79-year-old Whina Cooper present .
Cooper had earned much recognition and respect over the many years of her social and political engagement among the Māori and was one of the few women in the Māori community recognized as a leader.
The idea of a ‘Maori Land March’ from Te Hapua in the far north to Parliament was discussed.
The aim would be to dramatise the entire package of Maori demands and aspirations which had yet to be addressed.
The march would focus on the most iconic element of Maori losses and hopes: the land.
The planned land march would combine the forces of Nga Tamatoa ("The Young Warriors") type radicalism with the wishes and protocols of traditionalist elders, attracting the support of Maori from both urban areas and rural Marae throughout the country.
The march was to be focused on the ‘twin themes of landlessness and cultural loss’.
The following four months were used for planning and fundraising.
In August all preparations were made and support and accommodation provided at the various marae .
Fifty marchers left Te Hāpua in the far north on 14 September for the 1000-km walk to Wellington.
Led by 79-year-old Cooper, the hīkoi quickly grew in strength.
As it approached towns and cities, local people joined to offer moral support.
The marchers stopped overnight at different Marae, on which Cooper led discussions about the purpose of the march.
Leaflets were distributed explaining why the march was required titled "'Why We March".'
The march, accompanied by two trucks and a bus, led in 29 days from Te Hapua; Kaitaia; Mangamuka; Otiria; Hikurangi; Waipu; Wellsford; Orewa; Auckland; Ngaruawahia; Kihikihi; Te Kuiti; Taumarunui; Raetihi; Whanganui; Ratana; Palmerston North; Shannon, New Zealand; Otaki, New Zealand; Porirua to Wellington.
Upon arriving at Parliament, Whina Cooper presented a petition signed by 60,000 people from around New Zealand to Prime Minister Bill Rowling.
The petition called for an end to monocultural land laws which excluded Māori cultural values, and asked for the ability to establish legitimate communal ownership of land within iwi.
The hikoi represented a watershed moment in the burgeoning Māori cultural renaissance of the 1970s.
It brought unprecedented levels of public attention to the issue of alienation of Māori land, and established a method of protest that was repeatedly reused in the following decades, such as the occupation of the land at Bastion Point.
This action brought treaty issues to public attention more strongly than at any time since the 19th century.
The march was documented in "Te Matakite o Aotearoa - The Māori Land March" a film available via New Zealand on Screen.
Exechiopsis
Exechiopsis is a genus of fungus gnats in the family Mycetophilidae.
Richard M. Clark
Richard Milo Clark (born 1964) is a lieutenant general in the United States Air Force, currently serving as Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Deterrence and Nuclear Integration.
A bomber pilot, he graduated from the United States Air Force Academy in 1986.
2019–20 North Caledonian Football League
The 2019–20 North Caledonian Football League (known for sponsorship reasons as the Macleod & MacCallum North Caledonian League) is the 111th season of the North Caledonian Football League.
The season began on 7 September 2019.
Golspie Sutherland are the defending champions.
Alness United entered a period of abeyance and therefore will not play in the league from this season onwards though the number of entrants remained at nine as Bonar Bridge were reformed for the start of the season.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Center Point Road Tour
The Center Point Road Tour is the upcoming fourth headlining concert tour by American country music artist Thomas Rhett in support of his fourth studio album "Center Point Road" (2019).
It is set to begin on May 29, 2020, in Gilford, New Hampshire, and is set to conclude on August 29, 2020, in Bristow, Virginia.
On December 12, 2019, Rhett announced he would be embarking on his fourth headlining concert tour.
Cole Swindell and Hardy were announced as opening acts.
88th Rifle Division (Soviet Union)
The 88th Rifle Division was twice formed as an infantry division of the Red Army, first as part of the prewar buildup of forces and again in the spring of 1942, serving until after the end of the Great Patriotic War.
In its first formation in the far north it had an unusual "shtat" (table of organization and equipment) probably to facilitate its movement in the roadless tundra and forests of that region.
It played a large role in holding and then pushing back the Finnish III Army Corps during Operation Silver Fox and for this success was redesignated as the 23rd Guards Rifle Division.
A new 88th began forming in April, 1942 based on the first formation of the 39th Rifle Brigade, mostly in the Moscow Military District and was soon assigned to the 31st Army of Western Front; it would remain in that Army for the duration of the war.
It took part in the savage and mostly fruitless fighting around the Rzhev salient into the winter of 1942/43 and then in the summer offensive that liberated Smolensk.
During the following fall it became badly depleted as Western Front repeatedly attempted to batter its way through the German defenses to Orsha.
After rebuilding in the spring of 1944 it served as part of 3rd Belorussian Front during Operation Bagration, soon being awarded a battle honor as well as the Order of the Red Banner.
During this offensive it reached the border of East Prussia and won a second decoration in the unsuccessful Gumbinnen-Goldap Operation.
During the East Prussian Offensive in January, 1945 it made steady progress, eventually earning its third Order after the battle for the Heiligenbeil Pocket.
After the East Prussian campaign the 31st Army was railed south to Czechoslovakia where the 88th ended the war marching on Prague.
Despite a fine record as a fighting unit the division was soon disbanded.
The 88th Rifle Division began forming for the first time on the day the war began in Europe, September 1, 1939 at Arkhangelsk in the Arkhangelsk Military District.
Maj. Gen. Andrei Ivanovich Zelentsov took command on June 14, 1940.
As of June 22, 1941 the division's order of battle was as follows:
Zelentsov also served as the acting commander of Arkhangelsk Military District from June 27 to July 5.
The division remained near Arkhangelsk until the beginning of August, when it was shipped across the White Sea to Murmansk.
Sharp states that it's possible the 88th had a special organization for operations in the roadless arctic terrain because it did not have a howitzer regiment and when it was disembarked from 10 small transports from August 9-14 it had just 7,818 personnel on strength with 58 artillery pieces of all calibres, 22 trucks and 1,928 horses in total.
It also had a full reconnaissance battalion versus the standard company.
This does not match any prewar "shtat" but appears to be a lightly-armed organization utilizing horse packing for most of its transport needs.
The German-Finnish Operation Silver Fox had begun on July 1 with the goal of cutting the Murmansk railway and on August 7 the Finnish III Corps, commanded by Lt. Gen. Hjalmar Siilasvuo, captured Kestenga.
By now he was 65km short of his objective of Loukhi.
The Soviet 14th Army sent in a group of reserves known as the Grivnik Brigade which slowed the Finnish drive.
At this point the 88th joined the Kemskaya Operations Group and took over defense of the Kestenga-Loukhi road, one of the few avenues of operation in this mostly trackless wilderness.
On August 15, while leading the division as it attempted to establish defensive positions along the Sofiangi River, General Zelentsov was killed in a German air attack; he was replaced five days later by Col. Vladimir Aleksandrovich Solovyov.
By this time the Finnish forces were exhausted and on August 25 General Siilasvuo called a halt to regroup.
After being reinforced by units of the German XXXVI Mountain Corps the Finns resumed their offensive on October 30.
The 88th Division had also been reinforced and had had time to improve its positions.
Despite this the attackers made progress and by November 6 two battalions of the 426th Rifle Regiment and a company of the 611th Regiment were fighting in encirclement.
The next day two Finnish and one German battalion that had earlier infiltrated between the two Regiments were driven back 45km along the Kestenga-Loukhi road by other Soviet forces.
On November 9 the encircled battalions of the 426th, low on ammunition and without food, were forced to break out; only 275 men returned to friendly lines.
On November 16 the offensive subsided, in part due to heavy casualties on the Axis side but also due to diplomatic pressure from the United States government which threatened consequences for Finland if its supply deliveries to the USSR were interrupted.
However this might have been, the division was credited with stopping the Finnish drive and largely in recognition of this it was redesignated as the 23rd Guards Rifle Division on March 17, 1942, one of only two Guards divisions created (the other being the 10th Guards Rifle) in the Arctic.
On February 22, 1943 two soldiers of the division would be posthumously made Heroes of the Soviet Union for their roles in the November battles.
"Krasnoarmeets" Mikhail Egorovich Rodionov had been a machinegunner in the 2nd Battalion of the 426th Rifle Regiment.
While fighting in encirclement Rodionov helped to drive off seven enemy attacks with his fire, despite being wounded.
Following a second wound he lost conscioness; when he revived he killed himself with a grenade before being captured.
Cpl.
Fyodor Afanasevich Luzan commanded a radio platoon of the 758th Rifle Regiment.
On November 24, while fighting for the railway station on the Loukhi-Kastenga line his battalion was surrounded by enemy tanks and infantry.
In order to help his comrades to break through to friendly lines Luzan called in artillery fire on his own position.
Soon after, as SS troops were breaking into his dugout, he blew up himself and his radio with a grenade, taking several attackers with him.
The 88th began forming again on April 29, 1942 based on the 39th Rifle Brigade at Kizner in the Urals Military District.
The 1st formation of the 39th Rifle Brigade began in October, 1941 at Alma-Ata in the Central Asia Military District.
It was formed from the Alma-Ata and Fruzensk Rifle-Machine gun Schools, largely with students of Kazakh nationality.
In December the brigade was shipped north and by January 1, 1942 was in the reserves of Northwestern Front, under command of Col. V. G. Noziyak.
It was then assigned to 4th Shock Army taking part in the Toropets-Kholm Offensive and on January 21 was one of the units recognized for its role in the liberation of Toropets and the capture of the German supply base there.
By the end of the month 4th Shock came under command of Kalinin Front and the brigade remained in the Toropets salient to the west of the German-held Rzhev salient until April when it was pulled back well east of Moscow where it was disbanded to form the cadre for the new 88th Rifle Division.
Although it physically formed in the Urals the new 88th Division, based on an existing cadre, was very soon assigned to the Moscow Military District.
Its order of battle was similar to that of the 1st formation:
Col. Andrei Filippovich Bolotov was assigned to command of the division on the day it began forming.
In June it was assigned to the 4th Reserve Army in the Reserve of the Supreme High Command and then in July to 31st Army in Western Front.
Western Front began its part in the First Rzhev–Sychyovka Offensive Operation on August 4.
A powerful artillery preparation reportedly knocked out 80 percent of German weapons, after which the German defenses were penetrated on both sides of Pogoreloe Gorodishche and the 31st Army's mobile group rushed through the breaches towards Zubtsov.
By the evening of August 6 the breach in the German 9th Army's front had expanded up to 30km wide and up to 25km deep.
The following day the "STAVKA" appointed Army Gen. G. K. Zhukov to coordinate the offensives of Western and Kalinin Fronts; Zhukov proposed to liberate Rzhev with 31st and 30th Armies as soon as August 9.
However, heavy German counterattacks, complicated by adverse weather soon slowed the advance drastically.
On August 23 the 31st Army, in concert with elements of the 29th Army, finally liberated Zubtsov.
While this date is officially considered the end of the offensive in Soviet sources, in fact bitter fighting continued west of Zubtsov into mid-September.
At dawn on September 8, 29th and 31st Armies went on a determined offensive to seize the southern part of Rzhev.
Despite resolute attacks through the following day against the German 161st Infantry Division the 31st made little progress.
It suspended its attacks temporarily on September 16 but resumed them with three divisions, including the 88th, on its right flank on September 21-23 with similar lack of success.
Over the course of the fighting from August 4 to September 15 the Army suffered a total of 43,321 total losses in personnel.
In the planning for Operation Mars a directive was sent on September 28/29 from the command of Western Front to 31st Army, "consisting of the 88th, 239th, 336th and 20th Guards Rifle Divisions, the 32nd and 145th Tank Brigades... [to advance] along the Osuga, Artemovo, and Ligastaevo axis."
The offensive finally began on November 25 when the Army's shock group, consisting of the above forces minus the 20th Guards, attacked the German 102nd Infantry Division.
That division's history recorded:In three days of fighting the tank brigades were decimated and the rifle divisions suffered heavy losses, up to 50 percent on the first day alone.
The Army then went over to the defense.
On December 11 it went back to the attack, in support of 20th Army.
These attacks continued until the 18th.
In February, 1943 the armies of Western and Kalinin Fronts began preparing for what would become the Rzhev-Vyasma Offensive Operation.
31st Army was to be prepared to attack by February 20-21.
In the event these plans were delayed and eventually superseded when German 9th Army launched Operation "Büffel" on March 1 and began its phased withdrawal from the salient, pursued by 31st and other armies through the rest of the month.
In June the 88th was assigned to the new 45th Rifle Corps, along with the 220th and 331st Rifle Divisions.
On August 7, the first day of Operation "Suvorov", the only real Soviet success was achieved by 31st Army against XXXIX Panzer Corps in the Yartsevo sector.
The main effort was made by the 36th and 45th Corps, the latter of which had the 220th and 331st Divisions in first echelon and the 88th in second.
The attack gathered steam late in the day as the Corps attacked east of the Vop River.
It faced the inexperienced 113th Infantry Division which had only been at the front for two weeks.
Between 1800 and 2000 hours the Corps overran one German battalion and threw another aside; an hour later an artillery battalion had also been overrun and it was clear the 113th's front was breaking apart.
During the night two German regiments fell back 2km where a main battle line was reestablished behind the 6m-wide Vedosa River.
Sensing confusion in the German ranks the commander of 31st Army, Maj. Gen. V. A. Gluzdovskii, committed his mobile group to break through to the Minsk-Moscow highway just 6km to the south.
For a brief moment it seemed the 45th Corps and the 42nd Guards Tank Brigade might achieve a breakthrough.
The attack was resumed at dawn on August 8 and gained more ground from the 113th Infantry which was now near collapse.
By early afternoon the 260th Grenadier Regiment cracked after losing a key position and the 220th Division surged into the gap just east of the Vop.
The only substantial reserve available to German 4th Army was the 18th Panzergrenadier Division which was ordered into the counterattack.
As it arrived it could only fill the gap left by the routed units of the 113th.
The next day the two Soviet corps continued to try to batter their way through the German line but were stymied by 18th Panzergrenadiers; during this fighting Colonel Bolotov was killed by German tank or assault gun fire on his command post.
He would be replaced by Col. Gavrill Alekseevich Bulanov on August 12.
The 42nd Guards Tanks failed to reach the highway and lost 35 tanks in the process.
On the other hand a major counterattack by 18th Panzergrenadier failed to restore the original front line due to heavy Soviet artillery fire and the obstacle of the Vedosa.
After three days of fighting the situation was a stalemate, but the German reserve was fixed in place.
Within a few days the stalemate on the Smolensk front had become general.
As of September 1 the 45th Corps consisted of the 88th and 251st Rifle Divisions.
Western Front's offensive finally resumed on September 15 and by the end of the day Yartsevo was finally liberated.
45th Corps was transferred to 68th Army on September 18 and over the following week the 68th and 31st Armies pressed to encircle Smolensk, which was finally taken early in the morning of September 25.
On October 9 the 88th came under the command of Col. Fyodor Trofimovich Kovtunov.
During this month the division continued to advance towards the Belorussian border with 68th Army, but later that month 45th Corps rejoined the 31st Army.
68th Army advanced westward south of the Dniepr River in early October with 45th Corps to the rear, closing up to the defenses of the German XXVII Army Corps late on October 8.
The 88th immediately reinforced the assault of the 159th Rifle Division across the Mereya River, forcing the 18th Panzergrenadiers to withdraw westward.
The division formed a forward detachment to pursue but the German division turned back towards the east and took up new defensive positions along the Rossasenka River on October 11.
The Army prepared to resume its attacks the next day, but by now the 45th Corps was marching north to rejoin 31st Army.
31st Army also began a new attempt to reach Orsha on October 12 with 45th Corps (now including the 220th Division) serving as its second echelon and reserve.
The Army was positioned astride the Smolensk-Orsha highway north of the Dniepr.
Western Front's offensive began after an artillery preparation of 85 minutes but 31st Army immediately stalled without any appreciable gains and at considerable cost.
The offensive resumed the next day with reinforcements from the second echelon with no better results.
Over the course of the fighting from October 12-18 the Front lost 5,858 personnel killed and 17,478 wounded.
In preparation for a new effort 31st Army was further reinforced and regrouped its three corps south between the highway and the Dniepr, with 45th Corps in the center; the 88th and 251st Divisions were in first echelon and the 220th in second.
The attack began early on October 21 following two hours and ten minutes of artillery fire.
The shock groups smashed the defenses of the 197th Infantry Division between the villages of Redki and Novaya, at considerable cost and by early evening had penetrated 4km deep on a front 1,000m wide toward the village of Kireevo, on the main rail line to Orsha.
Two brigades of the 2nd Guards Tank Corps were committed into the penetration but were soon halted by heavy German fire from the flanks.
The attack was resumed the next day but gained 1,000m at most.
On October 24 the second echelon divisions were committed in a final effort to break the German defenses but failed in part due to artillery ammunition shortages.
The offensive was halted at nightfall on October 26 by which time the offensive capabilities of 10th Guards and 31st Army were completely exhausted after gaining 4-6km at a combined cost of 4,787 killed and 14,315 wounded.
In early November Western Front prepared for another attempt to break through the German defenses.
The Front's first shock group consisted of the 10th Guards and 31st Armies on both sides of the Minsk highway, but by now their rifle divisions averaged only 4,500 personnel each.
45th Corps, south of Kireevo, faced the 119th Panzergrenadier Regiment of 25th Panzergrenadier Division.
The 88th was in the first echelon when the attack began on November 14 after a three-and-a-half hour artillery and air preparation, but was soon stopped in its tracks due to heavy machine gun fire.
The fighting continued over the next four days but 45th Corps gained no more than 400m at considerable cost.
The "STAVKA", however, ordered the offensive to continue, which it did beginning on November 30 after another regrouping.
31st and 10th Guards Armies were concentrated on a 12km-wide sector from Osintori to the Dniepr, with the 31st focused on just 3km of that with four divisions in first echelon and five in the second.
In the event the attack made virtually no ground even after the second echelon was brought up, and the Front went over to the defense on December 5.
The failure of the Orsha offensives was ascribed, apart from the strength of the German defenses, to a lack of training of Red Army replacements and a stereotyped use of artillery which did more to warn the German forces of attacks than to actually inflict damage.
During December the "STAVKA" ordered Western Front to shift its efforts towards Vitebsk.
By the beginning of January, 1944 the 88th, one of just four divisions remaining in 31st Army, had been assigned to the 114th Rifle Corps with the 251st Division, but by a month later it was a separate division.
In February it came under command of 71st Rifle Corps with the 331st Division; it would remain in this Corps for most of the rest of the war.
On February 27 General Gluzdovskii was ordered to prepare yet another assault on the Orsha axis in cooperation with 49th Army to his south.
Since most of his Army was involved in offensive operations in the Babinavichy sector he only had his 71st Corps for this new attack, which began on March 5 and continued over the next four days.
In the event the effort was unsuccessful at the cost to the two armies of another 1,898 killed and 5,639 wounded.
On April 11 Western Front was disbanded and 31st Army was assigned to the new 3rd Belorussian Front, where it would remain until the last month of the war.
Over the next two months the 88th got a much needed respite for rebuilding and replenishment.
In the buildup to the Soviet summer offensive against Army Group Center on June 12-13 the 88th and 192nd Rifle Divisions of 71st Corps were shifted north to make room for the deployment of 11th Guards Army on the sector north of the Dniepr.
When the offensive began with probing attacks on June 22 those of 31st Army were driven back by heavy artillery and mortar fire.
The following day the first echelon divisions of 71st Corps broke the German defense north of the Dniepr, and advanced 3km before being halted by increasing enemy resistance.
During the fighting near the Kireevo railway station Sen.
Lieutenant Anna Alekseevna Nikandrova, a Komsomol leader of the 426th Rifle Regiment, was distinguished for her gallantry.
She used a hook ladder to help the soldiers of her company through an antitank ditch; later that day she blocked the embrasure of a German machinegun bunker with her body and was killed.
On March 24, 1945 she was posthumously made a Hero of the Soviet Union.
Over the next two days the 11th Guards and 5th Armies developed much more momentum along the Orsha and Bogushevsk axes, leaving 31st Army behind.
Meanwhile, in the fighting around the Vitebsk salient, by June 24 the Soviets were torn by the classic dilemma of blitzkrieg warfare -- how many units to use to close the pocket and how many to keep pressing forward before the enemy had time to create defensive positions.
39th Army, which was responsible for 3rd Belorussian Front's part of this encirclement, had only its 84th Rifle Corps available for the battle for the city itself.
As a result the 88th was moved north and attached to this Corps.
Elements of 39th Army linked up with forces of the 1st Baltic Front late on the 24th, leaving the German LIII Army Corps trapped in Vitebsk and in several smaller pockets along the road leading to the southwest.
Over the next two days, as Hitler refused permission for the Corps to break out, the Soviet forces prepared to liquidate the pocket, which began at 0900 hours on June 27, preceded by a massive barrage of artillery and rockets.
By noon the defenders had been broken into small pockets and during the afternoon the remnants surrendered.
The German Army lost 20,000 killed and 10,000 prisoners.
For its part in this fighting the division was awarded a battle honor:
After the battle for Vitebsk the division advanced along the highway to Minsk to rejoin 71st Corps as it and the 36th Rifle Corps were consolidating the success of 5th Guards Tank Army which was operation ahead.
31st Army had been assigned a leading role in the liquidation of the defeated and mostly-encircled German 4th Army and the liberation of the Belorussian capital, which was completed on July 4.
On the previous day a decree of the "STAVKA" read, in part:In addition to these battle honors on July 23 the 88th as a whole would receive the Order of the Red Banner for its part in the clearing of the city.
During July 5-6 the 71st Corps pursued the German forces to the west, advancing up to 40km and reaching a line from Pershaie eastward along the north bank of the Islach River as far as Rakuv.
Over the next two days the entire Front continued its pursuit in the direction of Vilnius, which was reached by 3rd Guards Mechanized Corps on the morning of July 7.
At the same time the 71st Corps was overcoming limited resistance in the Naliboki forest with the assistance of partisans and reached the Berezina River by the end of the day.
The battle for Vilnius would continue until July 13, but meanwhile on July 8 the 31st Army had advanced another 25-30km towards the Neman River.
Hitler regarded this as his "line of catastrophe" to be held at any price.
During July 12-13 the Army successfully pursued the German forces 55-60km while its left flank advanced towards Grodno.
By the next day most of the remaining defenders had begun deploying along the river line as 3rd Belorussian Front began preparing to force the Neman and also to liberate Kaunas.
That day a forward detachment of 36th Corps seized a crossing north of Grodno.
On July 15 it was joined by elements of 71st Corps which took two more bridgeheads in the same area.
At this point the Army commander, Col. Gen. V. V. Glagolev, was ordered to regroup his forces to the right flank and force the Neman along the Army's entire front.
By the end of July 17 the 11th Guards, 5th and 31st Armies had together breached the river line on a 110km front and repelled all counterattacks.
After further gains the "STAVKA" ordered the Front over to a temporary defense on July 20.
In recognition of the 88th's success in the Neman crossing on August 12 the 426th Regiment would be decorated with the Order of the Red Banner, while the 611th and 758th Regiments would each receive the Order of Aleksandr Nevsky.
The temporary defensive was in part to prepare the Front for an invasion of East Prussia, which began at 0840 hours on July 29 following a 40-minute artillery preparation and airstrikes.
On the first day 31st Army advanced as much as 15km.
On the following day the entire German defense along the Neman was crushed and the Front advanced rapidly towards Vilkaviškis.
However the Army soon ran into woodland and lake terrain which slowed the advance as stubborn resistance developed.
The operation was generally halted on July 31.
A new offensive into East Prussia began on October 16; 3rd Belorussian Front planned to drive directly from Gumbinnen through Insterburg to Königsberg.
However, heavy German resistance soon stalled and even reversed this offensive.
Goldap, to the south of the main drive, was soon taken, but German 4th Army committed its 102nd Panzer and Führer Grenadier Brigades to the fighting and retook it on October 25.
In a surprise attack by 31st Army on October 28 the town again changed hands, but the situation soon deteriorated as further counterattacks struck home.
By November 3 the 611th Rifle Regiment was surrounded and was ordered to break out to friendly lines the next night.
The regimental banner was entrusted to Sen.
Sergeant Andrei Nikolaievich Elgin, a squad leader of the regiment's sub-machine gun company.
Elgin had the banner wrapped around his torso under his uniform before leading a team of four men out of the town along a single path through the woods and marshland to the east.
When the route was blocked by a German machine gun post he charged it, throwing grenades until it was destroyed with the help of his men.
Although wounded, Elgin refused to give up the banner and continued on.
Later, while crossing between the lines the party was spotted by the light of flares and a German group attempted to capture it.
With his sub-machine gun and grenades Elgin killed eight of the enemy but received a second wound which proved fatal.
He finally handed over the banner to a rescue group before he died.
On March 20, 1945 he was posthumously made a Hero of the Soviet Union.
Despite the overall failure of the Goldap-Gumbinnen operation the 88th received the Order of Suvorov, 2nd Degree, for its efforts on November 14.
On December 19 Colonel Kovtunov handed his command of the division to Col. Aleksei Avkcentevich Kuzennii.
This officer was in turn replaced on January 26, 1945 by Col. Ivan Sergeevich Lobanov, who was succeeded on February 14 by Col. Andrei Prokofevich Maltzev.
Just two weeks later Maj. Gen. Nikita Sergeevich Samokhvalov took over command and continued to lead the 88th for the duration of the war.
The second attempt to destroy the German forces in East Prussia began on January 12, 1945.
The objective of 3rd Belorussian Front was much as before: to penetrate the defenses north of the Masurian Lakes in the Insterburg region and then advance to launch a frontal attack on Königsberg.
31st Army remained on the Front's left flank and in the early going was ordered to firmly defend the front south of Goldap.
The 88th remained in 71st Corps with the 220th and 331st Rifle Divisions.
The Army went over to the offensive on January 22 and by the next day the German grouping facing it was in retreat.
During that day the Corps captured the important road junction of Benkheim while the Army developed the offensive toward Angerburg and Lötzen, advancing more than 45km before storming the heavily fortified strongpoint at the former location.
The advance continued during the following days and on January 31 the division helped to take Heilsberg and Friedland.
On April 5 the 426th Regiment would be recognized for its role in this fighting with the award of the Order of Aleksandr Nevsky.
31st Army resumed its offensive on February 2 and soon captured the major road junction of Landsberg.
However this was a crucial point for the German forces attempting to break out of the pocket that was forming around Königsberg.
The 129th Infantry and 558th Grenadier and 24th Panzer Divisions launched powerful counterattacks in an effort to encircle the 71st Corps and while they were unable to break into Landsberg they isolated it for several days, bypassing to the north and south and causing considerable havoc in the Soviet rear areas.
Once communications were restored the Corps continued its advance in the direction of Kanditten.
During most of February and March the division took part in the final destruction of German 4th Army in the Heiligenbeil Pocket battles.
On March 24 Sen.
Sergeant Nikolai Mikhailovich Lazkov, an engineer reconnaissance squad leader of the 222nd Sapper Battalion, was made a Hero of the Soviet Union for his work in Belarus from January to June of 1944, during which time he led 96 night searches and defused 586 mines with his group.
At the start of Operation Bagration, while operating behind enemy lines, his unit captured a bridge over the Orshitsa River north of Orsha and he organized its defense until relieved.
He went on to a lengthy career in the postwar Soviet Army, eventually reaching the rank of colonel.
On April 26 the 88th was awarded the Order of Kutuzov, 2nd Degree, for its part in the Heiligenbeil fighting.
By this time the division was travelling by train south with the rest of 31st Army to join the 1st Ukrainian Front in the Sudeten Mountains of Czechoslovakia.
Arriving in the first days of May the 71st Corps saw little action, primarily providing flank security to the Front as it advanced on Prague and sweeping up prisoners.
When the fighting ended the men and women of the division held the full title of "88th Rifle, Vitebsk, Order of the Red Banner, Order of Suvorov and Kutuzov Division".
(Russian: 88-я стрелковая Витебская Краснознамённая орденов Суворова и Кутузова дивизия.)
According to "STAVKA" Order No.
11096 of May 29, 1945, part 8, the 88th is listed as one of the rifle divisions to be "disbanded in place".
It was disbanded in Czechoslovakia in accordance with the directive during the summer of 1945.
Castello di Montesarchio
The Castello di Montesarchio is a castle in Montesarchio in the province of Benevento, region of Campania, Italy.
Since 2007, it houses an archaeologic museum of the region: the Museo Archeologico Nazionale del Sannio Caudino di Montesarchio.
The castle is sited atop Monte Taburno, and had been the site of prior fortifications during the medieval period, including occupations by Lombards and Normans.
The present structure was mainly erected during the Aragonese rule of the Kingdom.
Following the Italian War of 1542-1546 between the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V and King Francis I of France, the castle was confiscated and given in 1532 to the Marquis of the Vasto, Alfonso II d’Avalos.
In 1830, the castle was confiscated by the kingdom and turned into a prison.
Among the famous mid-19th-century patriots jailed here were Carlo Poerio, Sigismondo Castromediano, Michele Pironti, and Nicola Nisco.
The castle remained a prison until the end of the second world war, and during the 1960s it served as an orphanage (Istituto Mater Orphanorum).
Enchantress (1818 ship)
Enchantress was launched at Plymouth in 1818.
Between 1821 and 1823 she made one voyage as a sealer to the South Shetland Islands.
Thereafter she traded widely.
In 1826 pirates plundered her in the Mediterranean.
She was last listed in 1864.
"Enchantress" first appeared in "Lloyd's Register" ("LR") in 1818 with B.Roberts, master and owner, and trade Plymouth–Straits.
On 23 May 1821 "Enchantress", Roberts, master, was sailing from Sunderland to Plymouth when she ran on shore, near Devil's Point, Devon.
She was expected to be got off.
"LR" for 1821 showed "Enchantress"s master from B.Roberts to W.Bonds, and her trade from Plymouth–Straits to Plymouth–South Seas.
News of the discovery of the South Shetland Islands and a new sealing ground there had just reached England so "Enchantress"s owners decided to send her there.
Captain William Bond sailed in 1821.
On 10 February 1823 "Enchantress" arrived at Deal from Rio de Janeiro.
By the 18th she was at Antwerp, from Rio de Janeiro.
On 7 April she was back at Deal, from Antwerp.
"LR" for 1823 showed "Enchantress"s master changing from W.Bond to J.Kissock.
On 16 June, "Enchantress", Killock, master, sailed for Pernambuco.
In 1825 "Enchantress" suffered one or more small mishaps.
A letter from Elsinore dated 11 November that "Enchantress" left "Elsinore" [[Roadstead|Roads]] shortly before, but had lost her anchor and some cables.
A letter dated Elsinor, 19 November, reported that "Enchantress", of Plymouth, Killock, master, had put into Gothenburg having lost her bowsprit, anchor, and cables.
"Enchantress", Hillock, master, had arrived at Gothenburg from [[Dantzic|Dantzig]] on 15 November while on her way to Lisbon, having lost two anchors and cables.
On 16 December "Enchantress", Kellock, master, was off Lowestoffe, having come from Dantzig.
On 19 September 1826 "Enchantress", Kellock, master, arrived at [[İzmir|Smirna]] from Belfast.
Ten days earlier a [[Mistico (boat)|mistico]] with 30 men had boarded her off [[Kea (island)|Zea]].
They plundered "Enchantress" of stores and a great part of her running rigging, and clothes and everything portable.
[[Category:1818 ships]]
[[Category:Age of Sail merchant ships of England]]
[[Category:Sealing ships]]
Table tennis at the 2016 Summer Paralympics – Women's individual – Class 3
The women's individual table tennis – Class 3 tournament at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro took place during 8–12 September 2016 at Riocentro Pavilion 3.
Classes 1-5 were for athletes with a physical impairment that affected their legs, and who competed in a sitting position.
The lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment was on an athlete’s ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in six groups of three.
Winners and runners-up of each group qualified for the knock-out stage.
"All times are local time in ."
Winnipeg Aboriginal Film Festival
The Winnipeg Aboriginal Film Festival is an annual film festival in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, which programs a lineup of films related to First Nations, Métis, Inuit and other international indigenous peoples.
Launched in 2002, the festival is staged annually at the city's Dramatic Arts Centre.
The event is a partner in the Adam Beach Film Institute, actor Adam Beach's Winnipeg-based film and media school for indigenous media arts students.
Ex Machina (album)
Ex Machina (stylised as EX_MACHINA) is the fifth studio album by Japanese heavy metal band Crossfaith.
It was released on 1 August 2018 in Japan through Sony Music, and later released on 3 August 2018 worldwide.
In an interview with "Dead Press!"
in April 2017, the band confirmed that they had two new singles ready for release for the summer, and that they planned to release the fifth studio album on 1 August 2018.
The album received mostly positive reviews, but also mixed reviews from several critics.
"Already Heard" rated the album 4 out of 5 and stated: "There's much to unpack on "Ex Machina" and it's worthy of a few listens to delve deeper into the lyrical content to unravel the world they've created, and the commentary they're making about our own current society.
A dramatic and epic heavy opus, this album will surely stand the test of time amongst the band's back catalogue."
"Dead Press!"
scored the album 8 out of 10 and said: "In fact, the standout moments on the record invariably occur on tracks like this where the band dare to blend all of their influences together in equal parts rather than distinctly favouring one over the other.
In this respect, Crossfaith have really honed their compositional skills; the transitions between the heavy and harsh verses and the big dance choruses are smoother and more fluid then ever before.
With "Ex Machina", Crossfaith have effectively combined the punch and power of their critically acclaimed "Zion" EP era with the more expansive, chorus orientated songwriting of the more maligned "Xeno"."
"Distorted Sound" scored the album 8 out of 10 and said: "On the whole, what "EX_MACHINA" essentially does is put forward a refined distillation of everything CROSSFAITH have accomplished up to date, rather than any kind of drastic reinvention.
The band have clearly found their niche over the last few years, and this record serves as excellent proof of their continued songwriting brilliance and knack for finding and melding together both brutally heavy guitar work and screaming with the occasional anthemic chorus.
Fans are sure to love it, and newcomers may well find themselves quickly assimilated into the CROSSFAITH machine."
Alex Sievers from "KillYourStereo" gave the album 70 out of 100 and said: "After sitting on the outskirts of Crossfaith's sound for years now, "Ex_Machina" has finally pushed me over the edge and down into their cyber-metal digital realm.
Despite a couple duds that just don't match the seriousness or urgency of this record's excessively better takes, I'm honestly more than happy to have now been plugged right into Crossfaith's futuristic, synthetic world.
Fingers crossed that future updates aren't riddled with any bugs."
"Rock 'N' Load" praised the album saying, "All 13 songs that span the 46 minutes push the boundaries of blending genres to create something that can only be really be called Crossfaith.
The complexity works and takes a few listens to appreciate the difficulties that have been overcome to make it become something that is undoubtably an impressive result."
"Wall of Sound" gave the album a slightly negative score 2/10 and saying: "Overall, this album is a massive misfire from a band capable of far better.
There is not even an inch of the greatness, we all know this band is capable of achieving.
Riddled with cliches we've heard a million times before and sporting more ballads than an Ed Sheeran album.
I strongly recommend checking out any of their earlier work before diving into the questionable content found on this release."
Crossfaith
Additional musicians
Alina Kabata-Pendias
Alina Kabata-Pendias (September 8, 1929 - April 3, 2019) was a Polish chemist working in the field of biogeochemistry and soil science.
She was a professor of agricultural sciences associated with the Institute of Soil Science and Plant Cultivation in Puławy (IUNG), and the State Geological Institute (PGI).
She was a specialist in the field of biogeochemistry of trace elements.
Her husband was Henryk Pendias, a geologist and geochemist at PGI.
Among other awards, she was the recipient of the Golden Cross of Merit, Order of Polonia Restituta, and the Armia Krajowa Cross.
Alina Kabata was born in Baranavichy, September 8, 1929.
She was the daughter of Helena, née Wojciechowicz, and Piotr Kabata, a Polish officer, at that time in the Border Protection Corps.
She spent her childhood in various places in the Eastern Borderlands of the Second Polish Republic.
During World War II, the whole family managed to get to the Kielce region in the General Government.
From 1940, under the pseudonyms of "Żar" and "Wujek", the father was the commander of the Szydłów AK District and commanded an independent subversive unit.
Like the other family members, young Alina was involved in the Polish resistance (nicknamed "Cicia").
Her brother was Zbigniew Kabata.
Kabata-Pendias received degrees at the Institute of Soil Science and Plant Cultivation in Pulawy (Ph.D.) and at the Agricultural University of Lublin (D.Sc.
).
Kabata-Pendias was the manager or contractor of many scientific projects, including three in cooperation with USDA Agricultural Research Service: "Distribution of micronutrients among soil minerals" (1961–1966), "The occurrence and behavior of trace elements in residual soils" (1969–1975), and "The impact of copper mining and industrial activity of Lower Silesia on the chemical composition of plants" (1975–1979).
She was a consultant and lecturer for FAO, UNEP, MAB, SCOPE, SETAC, and IUPAC.
She was the promoter of seven doctoral dissertations.
She published over 300 scientific papers, many of international coverage, including books in Polish, English and Russian.
Her team's work "Evaluation of soil pollution with heavy metals and sulfur.
Framework guidelines for agriculture" (1993-2002) was the only source for assessing the degree of environmental pollution by trace elements in Poland.
She actively participated in the work of numerous committees of the Polish Academy of Sciences, including the chair of the Committee for Analysis for Agricultural Need of the Polish Academy of Sciences, and the MAB-9 Team of the Human and Environment Committee of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
She was a member of many scientific societies, including Polish Soil Science Society, Polish Mineralogical Society and Polish Geological Society, as well as the International Union of Soil Sciences, Society for Environmental Geochemistry and Health, the International Association for Study of Clay, and the New York Academy of Sciences.
She sat on the presidium of the International Society of Trace Element Biochemistry.
She died April 3, 2019.
Kabata-Pendias received many awards for her achievements.
The most important were:
1996–97 Mansfield Town F.C.
season
The 1996–97 season was Mansfield Town's 60th season in the Football League and 24th in the Third Division they finished in 11th position with 64 points.
Edwin Nicholas Arnold
Edwin Nicholas "Nick" Arnold (b.
1940), is a British herpetologist and former Curator of Herpetology at the Natural History Museum, London.
Arnold made seminal contributions to the herpetology of Europe and North Africa, especially on geckos and lizards of the family Lacertidae.
He discovered and described 36 species and 4 subspecies of reptiles, and wrote "A Field Guide to the Reptiles and Amphibians of Britain and Europe", which appeared over multiple editions.
At least four species of reptiles have been named in Arnold's honor:
Island Medics
Island Medics is a fly-on-the-wall documentary programme based around the day-to-day running of the NHS services in Shetland, Scotland and aired on BBC One.
The majority of the filming shows the treatment of patients admitted to the Gilbert Bain Hospital in Lerwick, but it also features other aspects of the medical profession and emergency services that take place in other locations in Shetland, as well as other aspects of island life.
The programme has subsequently been used as a promotional platform by Promote Shetland to encourage those in the medical profession to consider moving to and working in Shetland.
Rick Nicita
Rick Nicita (born Charles Richard Nicita, 15 December 1945) is an American entertainment executive, talent agent, and motion picture/TV producer.
Nicita is a former co-chairman and managing partner of Creative Artists Agency.
Before turning exclusively to production and consultation in 2017, Rick Nicita spent five decades as a professional talent agent and manager, starting May 1968 with the William Morris Agency (WMA), New York City, and later transferring to WMA's Beverly Hills offices in 1976.
At WMA, Nicita started in the mailroom and earned his full agenting position over time, a traditional rite of initiation.
In a 2003 interview, Rick Nicita detailed his early days with William Morris: "I had dropped out of Fordham Law School when I realized that very little of the study and practice of law interested me.
I spent many weeks trying to figure out what I wanted to do--- not what I "should" do, or what was easiest, or what society wanted me to do, but what I "wanted" to do.
I always loved movies so I decided that I would be in the movie business.
I called a fraternity (Psi U) brother, Robert Levy '67, who was temporarily working at William Morris, and asked him to help me get a job there.
I didn't even know what an agent "did".
I loved it the minute I started."
Rick Nicita left the William Morris Agency in 1980 to join then four year-old Creative Artists Agency, this after being hand-selected by CAA's leadership of the time, which included founders Mike Ovitz and Ron Meyer.
Nicita was later named co-chairman of CAA and then managing partner, all of this within the historical era in which CAA was considered the world's dominant talent agency.
During his time with CAA, Rick Nicita maintained a client list that included Francis Ford Coppola, Al Pacino, Rob Reiner, Bette Midler, Mick Jagger, David Lynch, Christopher Walken, Debra Winger, Tom Cruise, Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Kurt Russell, Sally Field, and others.
Rick Nicita left Creative Artists Agency in 2008 to become Morgan Creek's Co-chairman and COO.
Nicita departed Morgan Creek in 2011, later returning to talent representation via his self-created RPMedia shingle.
(RP is an acronym for "Rick and Paula").
In the 1970s, Rick Nicita married casting director Wallis Nicita.
They divorced in 1983.
In 1984 Rick Nicita and Paula Wagner were married.
Wagner was a fellow CAA talent agent who later moved to producing via Cruise/Wagner Productions, a company she formed with her then client, Tom Cruise.
For many years, Rick Nicita and Paula Wagner were cited in the international media as "Hollywood's Power Couple".
Nicita and Wagner remain married as of 2019.
2019–20 Houston Baptist Huskies women's basketball team
The 2019–20 Houston Baptist Huskies women's basketball team represents Houston Baptist University in the 2019–20 college basketball season.
The Huskies, led by sevemtj year head coach Donna Finnie, play their home games at the Sharp Gymnasium and are members of the Southland Conference.
The Huskies finished the season 8–20, 3–15 in Southland play to finish in a tie for last place.
They failed to qualify for the Southland Women's Tournament.
Sources:
Sources:
!colspan=9 style=| Non-Conference Schedule
!colspan=9 style=| Southland Conference Schedule
2019–20 Houston Baptist Huskies men's basketball team
Avunanna Kaadanna
Avunanna Kaadanna () is a 2005 Telugu language romantic drama film directed by Teja.
The film stars Uday Kiran and Sadha.
The music was composed by R. P. Patnaik.
Sadha was roped in to make her second collaboration alongside Teja after "Jayam".
This film marks the third collaboration of Uday Kiran and Teja after "Chitram" and "Nuvvu Nenu".
Teja's frequent collaborator, R. P. Patnaik, was roped in to compose the music.
The producer spent a good sum of money although he didn't make money after "Venky" and "Mr & Mrs Sailaja Krishnamurthy".
The film released to positive reviews.
"Sify" praised the performances of the lead actors and Dharmavarapu and stated how "On the whole, Teja tries his best with a sugar-coated love story that is fun to watch".
"Idlebrain" gave the film three and of five stars and praised the performances of much of the cast and the first half of the film.
Enchantress (ship)
Several vessels have borne the name Enchantress:
Maryna Verbova
Maryna Verbova (born 5 August 1998) is a Ukrainian Paralympic swimmer competing in S4-classification events.
She represented Ukraine at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the bronze medal in the women's 50 metre backstroke S4 event.
She won the silver medal in the women's 50 metre backstroke S4 event at the 2014 IPC Swimming European Championships.
At the 2018 World Para Swimming European Championships she won the gold medal in the women's 150 metres individual medley S4 and the silver medal in the women's 50 metres backstroke S4 event.
Diego Torres
Diego Torres may refer to:
Mindanao (film)
Mindanao is a 2019 Philippine drama film directed by Brillante Mendoza starring Judy Ann Santos and Allen Dizon.
Saima (Judy Ann Santos) cares for her cancer-striken daughter Aisa (Yuna Tangog) while she awaits her husband Malang (Allen Dizon) to come home who serves as a combat medic deployed in the southern Philippines.
Their struggle is juxtaposed with the folklore of Rajah Indara Patra and Rajah Sulayman, the sons of Sultan Nabi, who fights to stop a dragon devastating Lanao.
"Mindanao" was produced under Center Stage Production and was directed by Brillante Mendoza.
It was produced by Mendoza and Carlo Valenzona.
Diego Marx Dobles was responsible for the editing, Odyssey Flores for the cinematography while Teresa Barrozo provided direction for the fim's music.
Mendoza himself also was behind the film's production design.
Prior to making the film director Brillante Mendoza researched about Mindanao.
Since the film involved the Maguindanaon folklore of Rajah Indara Patra and Rajah Sulayman the film was initially known under the working title of "Maguindanao" but the title of the film was changed to "Mindanao" since the film's theme was deemed by Mendoza to be "bigger than Maguindanao".
However he conceded that the issues affecting Mindanao is complex and the film's inability to fully present these issues to an audience.
Prior to the film's Busan release a music video featuring the film's theme song "Itadyak" by Maan Chua was released.
It featured colorful dances and select scenic locations from the film.
Solar Pictures released the theatrical release poster for "Mindanao" in the Philippines on November 16, 2019.
"Mindanao" was first released outside the Philippines at the 2019 Busan International Film Festival on October 5, 2019 as part of the Icons category.
It was also exhibited at the Tokyo on October 30, 2019.
The film was also screened in film festivals in Egypt, Estonia, India, and Taiwan.
The film premiered in Philippine cinemas on December 25, 2019 as entry of the 2019 Metro Manila Film Festival.
Due to its critical success in the film festival's awarding night, the film organizers decided to sponsor the film's screening in future film festivals.
Tai Tau Chau (Sai Kung District)
Tai Tau Chau () also known for its less popular name Urn Island, is an island in the water body Sham Tuk Mun, Sai Kung District, Hong Kong.
Inner Port Shelter and Rocky Harbour are in close proximity to the island.
The name Urn Island was mentioned in "Asiatic Pilot" by the U.S. Hydrographic Office in 1910.
The book described that vessels can enter Rocky Harbour from Port Shelter by passing through water passage near islets Urn Island (Tai Tau Chau) and Yim Tin Tsai.
The book recommands to use sea chart as a guide, as the channel is narrow.
Since the 1980s, some part of the island became an approval buried site for fishermen.
62 species of vascular plant were discovered on the island.
Several floating fish farms were located in the waters next to the island, known as Tai Tau Chau Fish Culture Zone.
In 1982, councillors of the Sai Kung District Board, had requested to expand the area of the Fish Culture Zone, in order to accommodate fishermen from nearby .
In 1989, a refugee camp for Vietnamese was proposed to establish on High Island, a former island that near to the Fish Culture Zone.
Councillors and fishermen worried that sea water of the Fish Culture Zone would be polluted by the increasing human population.
In the past, the fish rafts were used for commercial fish farming.
Brown-dotted grouper and red grouper were the dominant species to culture in the Tai Tau Chau Fish Culture Zone.
However, in recent years some of them were converted to use by the tourists for recreational fishing.
Red tides were also observed, affecting the Fish Culture Zone.
In 2019, a teen tourist was drowned in a fish farm of the island.
Anton Kol
Anton Kol (born 31 May 1990) is a Ukrainian Paralympic swimmer competing in S1-classification events.
He represented Ukraine at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and he won the bronze medals in the men's 50 metre backstroke S1 and men's 100 metre backstroke S1 events.
At the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships he won the silver medal in the men's 50 metre backstroke S1 event and the bronze medal in the men's 100 metre freestyle S1 event.
At the 2014 IPC Swimming European Championships he won the bronze medal in the men's 100 metre freestyle S1 event, the bronze medal in the men's 50 metre freestyle S1 event and the silver medal in the men's 50 metre backstroke S1 event.
At the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships he won the silver medal in the men's 50 metre backstroke S1 event and also the silver medal in the men's 100 metre backstroke S1 event.
He won the bronze medal in the men's 100 metres backstroke S2 event at the 2018 World Para Swimming European Championships.
Undercover Brother 2
Undercover Brother 2 is a 2019 American action comedy blaxploitation film directed by Leslie Small and starring Michael Jai White.
It is a sequel to the 2002 film "Undercover Brother".
Undercover Brother tracks The Man to his lair in Vienna, Austria, but he and his younger brother Lionel are buried in an avalanche.
Holding their breath, they survive for 16 years before being rescued.
Undercover Brother is left in a coma and his younger brother Lionel is recruited by B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D.
to aid them in their work.
Lionel disguises himself as a white cowboy and befriends The Man, who has fallen on hard times and become homeless due to losing control of his company to his gay son Manson.
Manson begins releasing a drug called "Woke" on the population to cause them to be hypersensitive and argumentative with each other, thereby dividing the population and installing himself as leader.
The members of B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D.
identify the café chain Resistance Brews as a front for Manson, who is putting "Woke" in the coffee.
Lionel is disguised as a hipster and sent to Resistance Brews, but The Man follows him and attempts to take control of his empire back from his son.
Manson ingests an ultra-pure form of the drug known as "Woke AF", causing his head to explode.
The Man splashes some "Woke AF" on Lionel then escapes and sets up a chain of cafés known as Blak Coffee to distribute his "Woke AF".
Undercover Brother awakens from his coma and stows away back to New York City aboard a ship transporting Vienna Sausages.
Together with B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., Undercover Brother and Lionel infiltrate The Man's organization dressed as members of the Ku Klux Klan.
They capture The Man but are arrested when the police arrive, allowing The Man to escape.
Filming took place in Atlanta, Georgia.
The film was released direct-to-video on November 5, 2019.
The film received generally negative reviews, with many critics noting the minimal amount of time Michael Jai White spends on screen in the actual film.
Reviewer Rob Hunter of /Film called the drop in quality "severe" in comparison to the 2002 film and criticized the film's "lack of concern for quality", ultimately calling the film "a dud".
He concluded, "It’s not the least bit funny, and its desperation makes it even less so.
"Undercover Brother 2" doesn’t deserve to see the light of day."
Reviewer Jordi of The Serious Tip wrote, "Overall, Undercover Brother 2 was very underwhelming.
It was the result of many bad decisions.
And I made a bad decision in buying it."
World Film Geek called the film "not so solid" and gave it a rating of C-, writing, "Undercover Brother 2 is a very unnecessary sequel that attempts to launch a new star".
Ain't No Grave (Bethel Music song)
"Ain't No Grave" is a song performed by Bethel Music and Molly Skaggs which was released as a promotional single single from Bethel Music's eleventh live album, "Victory" (2019), on January 4, 2019.
The song was written by Jonathan David Helser, Melissa Helser and Molly Skaggs, with Claude Ely receiving a posthumous credit for the interpolation of his similarly titled original composition.
Ed Cash handled the production of the single.
The song peaked at No.
17 on the US Hot Christian Songs chart despite not being an official single.
"Ain't No Grave" was initially released by Bethel Music on January 4, 2019, as one of four promotional singles from "Victory" (2019), in the lead-up to the album's release which was slated for January 25, 2019.
Molly Skaggs shared the story behind the song, saying:
"Ain't No Grave" is composed in the key of B minor with a moderate rock tempo of 74 beats per minute and a musical time signature of .
The song debuted on the US Hot Christian Songs chart at No.
40 on the issue week of January 19, 2019.
After the release of "Victory", it jumped to No.
27.
In its fifteenth week on the chart, the song peaked at No.
17.
Bethel Music released the live music video of "Ain't No Grave" with Molly Skaggs leading the song during a worship service at Bethel Church through their YouTube channel on January 5, 2019.
The lyric video of the song was released on January 25, 2019, on YouTube by Bethel Music.
An acoustic performance video shot on location in North Carolina, with Skaggs singing was published on YouTube on September 11, 2019.
Gunnar Kullendorf
Gunnar Teodor Kullendorf (born March 26, 1914; died October 3, 1993) was a Swedish curler.
He was a and a 1965 Swedish men's curling champion.
Juliet McMaster
Juliet McMaster is a Canadian scholar of eighteenth and nineteenth-century English literature, a specialist in Jane Austen, and Full Professor at the University of Alberta.
Juliet McMaster was born in Kenya in 1937.
She earned a B.A.
(Honors) in English at St. Anne's College in Oxford.
After emigrating to Canada in 1961, .
she received a MA and PhD at the University of Alberta, where she was the Faculty of Art's first PhD graduate.
She joined the university as a faculty member in 1965, in the Department of English, achieving the rank of Full Professor in 1986.
In addition to teaching literature and theatre studies, she also taught a fencing course in the theatre department.
McMaster became a renowned scholar of Jane Austen.
McMaster was the founding President of the Victorian Studies Association of Western Canada in 1973.
She also served as president of ACUTE (Association of Canadian University Teachers in English) from 1976 to 1978.
An avid fencer, McMaster qualified for a place on Canada's fencing team in 1965, after placing second in the National fencing championships.
She was named the athlete of the year at the University of Alberta in the same year.
She returned to the sport at the age of 77, and was an active member of the Edmonton Fencing Club.
McMaster founded a pedagogical press, Juvenilia Press in 1994.
Publishing the early works of established writers, Juvenilia Press involves students in the editorial, annotation, illustration and design of editions under the supervision of leading scholars.
Death Force
Death Force (also known as Vengeance Is Mine) is a 1978 martial arts exploitation film directed by Cirio H. Santiago and written by Howard R. Cohen.
The film is an international co-production of the Philippines and the United States, and stars blaxploitation actor James Iglehart alongside Carmen Argenziano, Leon Isaac Kennedy, and Jayne Kennedy.
Iglehart plays Doug Russell, a veteran of the Vietnam War turned gold smuggler who is left for dead by his partners and, after being trained to wield a samurai sword by a Japanese soldier, seeks revenge on those who betrayed him.
In September 2013, "Death Force" was released on DVD by Vinegar Syndrome as a double feature with the 1978 film "Vampire Hookers", which was also directed by Santiago.
In June 2014, "Death Force" was released on DVD and Blu-ray in Germany by Subkultur Entertainment.
Sigurd Rydén
Sigurd Rydén (born January 10, 1910; died ?)
was a Swedish curler.
He was a and a 1965 Swedish men's curling champion.
Mary Otto
Mary Otto is an American medical journalist who is the topic leader on oral health for the Association of Health Care Journalists.
She is also the author of the book "Teeth: The Story of Beauty, Inequality, and the Struggle for Oral Health in America", published in 2017 by the New Press.
She previously worked at "the Washington Post" for eight years, where she reported on health care and poverty.
She first began reporting on oral health in 2007 while working at the "Post".
She was a Knight Science Journalism Fellow from 2009 to 2010, and she received the Gies Award from the American Dental Education Association in 2010.
In 2019, she received the Art of Healing Award from the Cambridge Health Alliance.
Raphael Aflalo
Raphael Aflalo Lopes Martins (born 8 July 1996) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Aves .
Aflalo made his professional debut with Aves in a 1-0 Primeira Liga loss to FC Porto on 3 November 2019.
On 20 April 2017, Aflalo fatally struck and killed a 17-year old in Brazil.
In September 2019 Aflalo was not charged with homicide, his defense stating his vision was obstructed by another vehicle.
Aflalo paid compensation to the victim's family to close the civil case.
Law of the Ranger
Law of the Ranger is a 1937 American Western film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and written by Nate Gatzert.
The film stars Robert Allen, Elaine Shepard, John Merton, Wally Wales, Lafe McKee and Tom London.
The film was released on May 11, 1937, by Columbia Pictures.
Charlayne
Charlayne is a given name.
Notable people with this name include the following:
Tian Bo
Tian Bo (; 25 December 1931 – 15 December 2019) was a Chinese virologist and professor at the School of Life Sciences, Wuhan University.
Tian was born in Huantai County, Shandong, Republic of China on December 25, 1931.
In 1950 he entered Beijing Agricultural University, majoring in plant protection, where he graduated in 1954.
After university, he was assigned to the Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), where he worked as a researcher, associate professor, full professor, and doctoral supervisor.
He was a visiting scholar at the University of Adelaide (1981), University of Düsseldorf (1986), University of Maryland, College Park (1990), University of Wisconsin System (1990), and Scottish Crop Research Institute (1993).
He was a member of the 8th and 9th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
He died of an illness in Beijing on December 15, 2019, aged 87.
From the 1950s to the 1970s, Tian Bo clarified the role of virus and high temperature in the degradation of potato flower and leaf types, and worked out the technical scheme of virus-free potato seed production by virus-free shoot tip detoxification.
In the 1980s, he began to study subviruses, first used Ribonucleic acid (RNA) to control the virus diseases caused by cucumber mosaic virus in the world, and obtained potato strains with high resistance to viroids.
In the 1990s, he transferred to the study of medical virus, involving hepatitis B virus, HIV, SARS coronavirus, etc.
for the first time, he found the complex of heat shock protein gp96 and viral antigen peptide in liver cancer tissue caused by hepatitis B virus, which provided a new strategy for the development of therapeutic drugs for chronic hepatitis B and liver cancer.
2019–20 Northwestern State Lady Demons basketball team
The 2019–20 Northwestern State Lady Demons basketball team represents Northwestern State University during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.
The Demons, led by interim head coach Aaron Swinson, who took over for Jordan Dupuy following the latter's resignation on January 26, 2020, play their home games at Prather Coliseum and are members of the Southland Conference.
The Lady Demons finished the season 11–18, 6–12 in Southland play to finish in eighth place.
Due to a tie breaker loss to New Orleans they failed to qualify for the Southland Women's Tournament.
Sources:
Sources:
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Southland Conference Schedule
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Southland Conference Schedule
2019–20 Northwestern State Demons basketball team
Cats: Highlights from the Motion Picture Soundtrack
Cats: Highlights from the Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2019 film "Cats".
The album was released through Polydor Records and in the US on Republic Records on December 20, 2019.
The music for the film was composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber.
The song "Beautiful Ghosts" by Taylor Swift, the lead single from the soundtrack album, was released on November 15, 2019.
The song was nominated for Best Original Song at the 77th Golden Globe Awards.
The soundtrack also features contributions from Jason Derulo, James Corden, Idris Elba, Ian McKellen and various artists.
Credits adapted from iTunes, Apple Music, Spotify, Tidal, and Amazon Music.
The Path Which Led Me To Leninism
The Path Which Led Me To Leninism is a short essay by Vietnamese President Ho Chi Minh that describes his first encounter with Lenin's analysis of the colonial question and his ultimate acceptance of Marxism-Leninism and communist revolution.
Throughout the essay, Ho Chi Minh describes his experiences in the French Communist Party and details his personal acceptance of Marxism–Leninism.
The essay is notable throughout Vietnam and within Marxist circles for its endorsement of Leninism and anti-Imperialism.
James N. Stewart
James N. Stewart is a retired American military officer and civil servant.
Confirmed as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manpower and Reserve Affairs in the administration of Donald Trump, he served throughout his tenure as acting Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, before resigning the following year.
Stewart was born the son of a retired Air Force lieutenant colonel and Vietnam War veteran, and, from a young age, he desired to follow in his father's footsteps.
He graduated with a bachelor's degree in sociology and criminology from Auburn University, where he was also a member of the school's Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps.
Stewart was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1977 and left active duty in 1992.
He continued his military career as a member of the Air Force Reserve Command until 2014.
His decorations include the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Airman's Medal, and Meritorious Service Medal.
Following his retirement from the Air Force Reserve, Stewart moved to Charlotte, North Carolina.
He was appointed to the North Carolina Military Affairs Commission by Governor Pat McCrory in 2015.
President Donald Trump tapped Stewart to be Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manpower and Reserve Affairs in January 2018 and was confirmed by the Senate on October 11.
After serving in this position and as acting Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness until December 2019, he submitted his resignation to Secretary Mark Esper.
2019 World Junior A Challenge
The 2019 World Junior A Challenge was an international Junior "A" ice hockey tournament organized by Hockey Canada.
It was hosted in Dawson Creek, British Columbia, from December 7–15, 2019, at the EnCana Events Centre.
Bad Hair (2020 film)
Bad Hair is a 2020 American horror comedy written, directed, and produced by Justin Simien.
It stars Elle Lorraine, Kelly Rowland, Vanessa Williams, Jay Pharoah, Lena Waithe, Blair Underwood and Laverne Cox.
It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2020.
In August 2017, it was announced Justin Simien would direct, write, and produce the film, with Oren Moverman serving as a executive producer under his Sight Unseen banner.
It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2020.
Shortly after, Hulu acquired distribution rights to the film.
Jean Pagé
Jean Pagé (8 March 1946 – 10 December 2019) was a Canadian sports journalist.
Most notably, he was a host for the TV shows "La Soirée du hockey" and "110%".
Jean Pagé was born in Chicoutimi, the fourth child of Roméo Pagé and Aline Fortin.
He attended secondary school at Séminaire de Chicoutimi, then completed his bachelor's degree at Université Laval.
Pagé was hired by CJMT-DT at age 18 to be a news reader.
After leaving the TV station, he met Jacques-Henri Gagnon, then one of the bosses at Radio-Canada in Quebec, who invited him to audition for a news sports broadcasting role.
He was hired in 1973.
Pagé covered the volleyball tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics with Radio-Canada.
He was stationed in Quebec City and hosted the shows "L'Univers des sports" and "Les Héros du dimanche".
Outside of sports, he co-hosted the cultural news program "Québec Magazine" in 1980.
In 1982, he left Quebec City for Montreal to work full time for Radio-Canada.
He participated in several sports broadcasts, and hosted the Formula 1 Grand Prix, tennis tournaments, figure skating, the 1986 FIFA World Cup, as well as several Olympic Games.
Pagé was best known for his appearances on "La Soirée du hockey".
He hosted the nightly show from 1987 to 2002, when Radio-Canada and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation stopped airing hockey altogether.
After this, he started working for Télévision Quatre-Saisons (TQS), where he became host of "110%".
In this program, Pagé discussed sports with coaches, players, and journalists.
He left TQS when Remstar acquired the network and renamed it "V".
Pagé then covered IndyCar and figure skating at TVA Sports.
He also ran the program "Québec matin week-end" on Le Canal Nouvelles.
In 1995, Pagé was diagnosed with prostate cancer, and he was in remission for 22 years.
He became spokesperson for Procure, an organization dedicated to fighting prostate cancer.
He co-founded the "Marche du Courage" in 2007 and "Randonnée du Courage Pat Burns" in 2008 with Procure.
Pagé died on 10 December 2019 in his home in Morin-Heights.
He is survived by his wife, Brigitte Bélanger and four children.
Dmytro Prudnikov
Dmytro Prudnikov () is a Ukrainian track and field athlete.
He won the bronze medal in the men's long jump T20 event at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
He qualified to compete in the same event at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
At the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships he won the gold medal in the men's long jump T20 event.
At the 2014 IPC Athletics European Championships he won the bronze medal in the men's long jump T20 event.
At the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships he won the bronze medal in the men's long jump T20 event.
At the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships he won the bronze medal in the men's long jump T20 event and the gold medal in the men's triple jump T20 event.
At the 2018 World Para Athletics European Championships he won the silver medal in the men's long jump T20 event.
Claude-Hélène Perrot
Claude-Hélène Perrot (September 13, 1928 - July 16, 2019) was a French historian and Africanist who specialized in the history of Côte d'Ivoire.
She served as a professor of contemporary African history at University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne from 1983 to 1993.
Perrot's main areas of research concerned the history of the Akan of Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana before colonization, mainly the Anyi and the Eotile; the use of oral tradition by historians; as well as relations between traditional African religions and political power.
She was honored as Commander, Order of Ivory Merit.
Claude-Hélène Perrot was born in Lembach, September 13, 1928, into a Franche-Comté family.
She was the sister of François Perrot.
Perrot completed a degree in history and geography at the Sorbonne in 1950, and after obtaining a further training, became a secondary education teacher in Cholet and Coulommiers, from 1955 to 1961.
Her interests in Africa occurred during a trip to Senegal, after which she enrolled at the École pratique des hautes études, where she studied under Roger Bastide and Georges Balandier.
She worked in the archives of the Paris Evangelical Missionary Society and prepared a thesis on the Sotho king Moshoeshoe I, which she defended at the Faculté des lettres de Paris, in 1963, and which was published in 1970 under the title "Les Sotho et les Missionnaires européens au XIXe siècle" ("The Sotho and European Missionaries in the 19th century").
Perrot was affiliated with the School of Letters in Abidjan and Université Félix Houphouët-Boigny, until 1971.
During the period of 1971 till 1973, she was with CNRS in Paris.
In 1973, she was appointed lecturer at the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne.
In 1978, she defended a state thesis, entitled "Les Anyi-Ndenyé et le pouvoir politique aux XVIIIe et XIXe siècles " ("The Anyi-Ndenyé and political power in the 18th and 19th centuries") at Paris Descartes University, and published under the same title in 1984.
In 1983, she was elected professor at University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne.
She retired from academia in 1993, while continuing to lead a university seminar and to travel to Côte d'Ivoire for conferences.
She belonged to the Comité de vigilance face aux usages publics de l'histoire.
Perrot died in Paris, July 16, 2019.
2019–20 Liga FPD
The 2019–20 Liga FPD season, also known as Liga Promérica for sponsorship reasons, is the 99th season since its establishment.
The tournament is divided into two championships, the Apertura and Clausura, each in an identical format and each contested by 12 teams.
The Voit Loxus is the official match ball of the tournament.
San Carlos are the defending champions, after defeating Saprissa in the Clausura 2019 tournament.
A total of 12 teams will contest the league, including 11 sides from the 2018–19 season, one team promoted from the Liga de Ascenso.
Jicaral were promoted for the first time to the Liga FPD after defeating Guanacasteca in the Liga de Ascenso final, thus replacing Carmelita in the Liga FPD.
Like the previous season, the league has the following playoff format.
The top 4 teams in the regular season will progress to a two-legged knockout tournament.
If the same team that wins the regular season wins the playoff, that team wins the season championship immediately.
Should a different team win the playoff than won the regular season, those two teams will meet in a two-legged Grand Final for the season championship.
The Apertura tournament will be played in the second half of 2019, starting on 20 July.
The regular season began on 20 July 2019 and ended on 20 November 2019.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
If the regular season winners are unable to win the playoffs, a double-legged final will be played against the playoffs winner in order to determine the champions of the Apertura tournament.
The team with the better accumulated record over the regular season and playoffs will host the second leg.
The Clausura 2020 season is scheduled to begin in January 2020.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Libertador Morales, el Justiciero
Libertador Morales, el justiciero, is a comedy-drama film produced by the Villa del Cine Foundation and directed by Efterpi Charlambidis, released on 31 July 2009.
The film portrays the Caracas of the time, chaotic and diverse, where immigrants from around the world meet.
Libertador Morales, a former policeman who now works as a motorcycle taxi driver, must face the problems of insecurity in his neighborhood and the death of his wife, for which he is to blame.
Tired of this reality, he decides to take charge of his future and becomes a "justiciero", a kind of vigilante, dressing in black and using his motorcycle to take down local criminals.
The production saw some troubles.
It was pre-produced and filmed in 2007, a very rainy year; the number of weeks for filming had to be extended and the schedule changed because of the rain.
Post-production began within a week after filming was completed, but this was stalled when Charlambidis' father died at the end of the year.
Upon Charlambidis' return to the project, the projected scope of it was reduced so it could be managed; Charlambidis has said that the sound element of post-production was the hardest.
Some of the original sound recordings had been lost or were unable to be used because they were ruined by the rain; re-recordings had to take place.
The film's intended release was at the end of 2008, but this was not achieved because of the various struggles.
Shortly after this date passed, a fire broke out at the Villa del Cine, which set the production back further.
Pablo Abraham writes that the film portrays life under the struggling Bolivarian Revolution Venezuela.
He suggested that cinema in the 1970s had often depicted the reality of hardships in Venezuela, but that after the government of the Bolivarian Revolution introduced more control over filmmaking, it became hard to depict this reality in cinema.
Abraham says that "Libertador Morales" "should be celebrated" for showing this, but also criticizes that the film does not take the opportunity to provide social criticism.
The character of Libertador Morales has been described as a Robin Hood figure; the director, Charlambidis, explains that Morales is more lawful, saying, "sometimes I say Robin Hood because of the methods he uses, but it is not necessarily stealing from the rich, it is to return things that have been stolen to whom they belong."
DYOD
106.3 Prime FM (DYOD 106.3 MHz) is an FM station owned and operated by Prime Broadcasting Network.
Its studios and transmitter are located at 3rd Floor, PDCI Bldg., Rizal St., Ormoc.
Pyae Pyae
Pyae Pyae () is a Burmese child actor.
She won Asian Academy Creative Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role in 2019 with the film "The Only Mom".
Throughout her career, she has acted in over 20 films and 10 big-screen films as a child actor.
The Vietnamese Revolution: Fundamental Problems, Essential Tasks
The Vietnamese Revolution: Fundamental Problems, Essential Tasks is a speech and an analysis of the principles and methods of the Vietnamese revolution, and the path forward for the Communist Party of Vietnam and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
The text, written by Le Duan, then the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam and was written for the 40th founding anniversary of the Communist Party of Vietnam.
The text is the main ideological contribution by Le Duan to the ideology of the Communist Party of Vietnam.
Selections from this text are part of the curriculum and study of Ho Chi Minh Thought.
Like other publications by Le Duan, this text is a collection of speeches.
Jiang Fengyi
Jiang Fengyi (; born 1963) is a Chinese scientist and educator in the fields of semiconductor.
He is the current vice-president of Nanchang University.
He has been hailed as "Father of silicon based luminescence in China".
He is the director of the National Silicon based LED Engineering Technology Research Center.
Jiang was born into a family of farming background in Yugan County, Jiangxi in 1963.
After the resumption of college entrance examination, he entered Jilin University, majoring in nuclear physics, where he graduated in 1984.
He was a postgraduate at the Changchun Institute of Physics (now Institute of Optics and Physics), Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) between September 1987 and December 1989.
After university, he joined the faculty of Jiangxi University of Technology as an assistant.
He taught at Nanchang University since 1992, what he was promoted to associate professor in May 1992 and to full professor in May 1995.
He is the vice-president of Nanchang University.
He was a delegate to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Sarah Gurowitsch
Sara Gurowitsch (February 17, 1889 – April 24, 1981) was a Russian-born American cellist and composer.
Sarah Gurowitsch was born in Russia, the daughter of Harry and Esther Goldenberg Gurowitsch, and raised in New York.
Her brother Frank and her sister Esther were also musicians.
She studied in New York at the National Conservatory of Music and with cellists Hans Kronold and Leo Schulz, then went to Germany for further musical studies with Robert Hausmann.
In 1906, she won the Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdi Prize in Berlin.
While in Europe, Gurowitsch played Eugen d'Albert's cello concerto, with the composer himself accompanying her on piano.
She made her American debut in 1910, with the New York Symphony Orchestra, under conductor Walter Damrosch.
In 1913 she made a recording of the "Kol Nidre", and headlined a "Russian Music Carnival" at Carnegie Hall.
In 1914, she toured on the lyceum circuit with baritone Marcus A. Kellerman.
In 1916, she played at a concert of Jewish music at Columbia University.
She played a concert at Bushwick High School in 1917.
"She has a splendid command of her instrument," commented one reviewer in 1919, "gets a beautiful tone, and plays with sureness and soulful interpretation."
Gurowitsch left the professional stage after marriage in 1919, but she occasionally played at Jewish women's events in Bergen County, New Jersey.
For example, in 1931 she played at a women's meeting of the YMHA, and in 1939 she performed at a local meeting of the National Council of Jewish Women.
Sarah Gurowitsch married a fellow Russian immigrant, Samuel Benjamin Leight, in 1919.
Their sons Lawrence and Donald became musicians; another son, Edward, became an illustrator.
Playwright and television producer Warren Leight is Sarah Gurowitsch's grandson.
Her husband died in 1970.
Sarah Gurowitsch Leight died in 1981, aged 92 years.
Tenderfoot (film)
Tenderfoot () is a Canadian short dramatic dance film, directed by Roger Boire and released in 1988.
The film stars Massimo Agostinelli as a window washer cleaning the windows at a dance school, who becomes fascinated by the dancers and begins to imagine himself participating in dance routines with them; eventually he is drawn in for real, when his bucket is stolen and he has to participate in a dance to recover it.
The film received a Genie Award nomination for Best Live Action Short Drama at the 10th Genie Awards in 1989.
Wang Huaimin
Wang Huaimin (; born 1962) is a Chinese scientist specializing in distributed computing.
He is the current vice-president of National University of Defense Technology and dean of its School of Computing.
Wang was born in Nanjing, Jiangsu in 1962.
The Wonders You Perform
"The Wonders You Perform" is a song written by Jerry Chesnut that was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single and became a major hit in 1970.
"The Wonders You Perform" was first recorded on February 26, 1970 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
Three additional tracks were recorded during a session produced by Billy Sherrill.
Sherrill was Wynette's long-time producer.
The song was written by Jerry Chesnut, who was Wynette's brother-in-law at the time.
Chesnut originally wrote it as a gospel song about the "miracles of Jesus" and the how he helps heal through challenging times.
The song reached number 5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in early 1970.
It did not chart within the "Billboard" Hot 100, but instead reached a charting position on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 list.
The song was issued on Wynette's second compilation album with Epic Records entitled "Tammy's Greatest Hits, Volume Two".
"The Wonders You Perform" was also notably recorded by Jean Shepard in 1971 and by Connie Smith in 1974.
I-17 Mystery Christmas Tree
The I-17 Mystery Christmas tree is a living tree in the median of Interstate 17 (I-17) in the US state of Arizona that is decorated each Christmas by people not publicly known.
The tree is located near milepost 254, approximately north of downtown Phoenix, Arizona, between Sunset Point and Cordes Junction.
The one-seed juniper ("Juniperus monosperma") tree has been decorated annually for over 30 years and is famous around the state.
Unlike a traditional Christmas tree, it is actually shaped like a bush, being nearly as wide as it is tall.
Decorations include Christmas ornaments, tinsel and garland, stuffed animals, bows, flags, and it is topped with a silver star.
The tree is at a point where the terrain necessitated a wide separation between the northbound and southbound lanes of I-17, and the median is over wide.
The median is under the jurisdiction of the Arizona Department of Transportation (ADOT), who have said "that for years, no one has been able to figure out who is responsible".
The tree is surrounded by four water storage barrels and plastic drip tubing to supplement the sparse natural rainfall in the area.
The irrigation system is also believed to have been installed by the unknown tree decorators.
In 2013, ADOT spokesman Doug Nintzel said people have told him that they know who is responsible but have not said who it is.
The decorations are placed before Thanksgiving and removed after New Year's Day.
In 2011, a former ADOT district engineer who retired in 2005 said he knew who decorates the tree but honors their request to remain anonymous.
Due to the danger of stopping on the highway, neither ADOT nor the Arizona Department of Public Safety formally condone the activity in the median.
There are also patriotic decorations placed on the tree for the Fourth of July.
The median is often the site of brush fires ignited by passing vehicles, and the tree has survived many of them.
A fire in August 2011 was close enough to melt the tree's plastic irrigation system, but the tree was not seriously harmed even though the fire burned the surrounding vegetation and scorched some of the tree's lower branches.
Some reports say the fire burned out on its own, while others say the tree was helped by ADOT employees, as well as citizens and "a firefighter or two".
ADOT employees say they "have seen the tree somehow survive over and over again".
The tree was saved again in August 2019 by firefighters.
This time, the efforts of the firefighters received at least 150 comments of gratitude on Facebook.
Dolan Ellis, Arizona's Official State Balladeer since 1966, has composed a song about the tree that he named "Scrubby".
Rômulo (footballer, born 1996)
Rômulo da Silva Machado (born 10 January 1998) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Portimonense, on loan from Londrina.
Rômulo made his professional debut with Londrina in a 3-0 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B loss to Internacional on 13 May 2017.
On 14 June 2019, Rômulo joined on loan in the Primeira Liga.
DYKB-AM
DYKB (1404 kHz) Radyo Ronda is an AM station owned and operated by Radio Philippines Network.
Its studios and transmitter are located at Brgy.
Sum-ag, Bacolod.
Erika Schmutz
Erika Schmutz (born 1973) is a Canadian former Wheelchair rugby player and power engineer.
She won a bronze medal with Team Canada in the 2008 Summer Paralympics, becoming the first woman to score a try in a Paralympic wheelchair rugby match.
Schmutz was born and raised in Windsor, Ontario, and attended Kennedy Collegiate and St. Clair College, where she competed in OFSAA track and cross-country.
After injuring her arms and spine in a car accident in 2000, Schmutz joined the Canadian national wheelchair rugby team, becoming the third female athlete to ever be selected.
Before her accident, Schmutz worked as a power engineer at Ontario Hydro.
After qualifying for the 2008 Summer Paralympics, Schmutz became the first woman to score during a Paralympic wheelchair rugby competition as Canada went on to win a bronze medal.
She was also the only woman playing wheelchair rugby professionally at a national level worldwide.
In 2010, Schmutz was named a top female athlete with a disability at the Ontario Sports Awards.
She was later named an alternate for the 2012 Summer Paralympics, if another player became too injured to play.
Two years later, Schmutz was elected to the Board of Directors for the ON Para Network as the Wheelchair Rugby Representative, and was eventually named to Wheelchair Rugby Canada's Board of Directors.
Ric Huang
Ric Huang (; born Jan Shan-liang 6 September 1968) is a Taiwanese singer and actor.
As an actor, Huang is known for his appearances on "Pili", and has also played recurring characters on "Borrow Your Love" and "When I See You Again".
He is a Mandopop and Hokkien pop singer-songwriter, and in 2012, won the Golden Melody Award for Best Taiwanese Male Singer.
The next year, Huang performed at the Golden Melody Award ceremony.
Huang has performed at the Pier 2 Arts Center in Kaohsiung, Riverside Live House in Taipei, as well as Legacy Taipei, and the affiliated Legacy Taichung.
(You Make Me Want to Be a) Mother
"(You Make Me Want to Be a) Mother" is a song written by Billy Sherrill and Norro Wilson.
It was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette and released as a single in 1975.
"(You Make Me Want to Be a) Mother" was first recorded in November 1969 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
Two additional tracks were recorded during this session including the single's B-side.
The recording session was produced by Billy Sherrill, Wynette's long-time producer.
The song reached number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in 1975.
The song appeared on Wynette's third greatest-hits compilation release that year.
I Still Believe in Fairy Tales (song)
"I Still Believe in Fairy Tales" is a song written by Grady Martin that was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette.
It was released as a single in 1975 and became a major hit later that year.
"I Still Believe in Fairy Tales" was first recorded in June 1975 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
Several additional tracks were also recorded at this session.
The recording session was produced by Billy Sherrill, Wynette's long-time producer.
The song reached number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in 1975.
It was Wynette's first solo single to not break through the top 10 on the "Billboard" country chart since the 1967.
The song was issued on Wynette's 1975 studio album of the same name.
Anderson Oliveira (footballer, born 1998)
Anderson de Oliveira da Silva (born 16 January 1998) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portimonense.
Oliveira made his professional debut with Londrina in a 1-0 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B loss to Juventude on 8 June 2018.
On 14 June 2019, Oliveira joined Portimonense in the Primeira Liga.
María del Carmen Félix
María del Carmen Félix is a Mexican actress best known for her role of Leticia Cabral in the Telemundo's series "La Doña" (2016–1017).
Her first notable roles was in "Drunk History" Mexican version of the American series of the same name, In the series she played her great-aunt María Félix.
Her other notable TV roles include "Su nombre era Dolores, la Jenn que yo conocí", biographical series about the Mexican singer Jenni Rivera, and "Enemigo íntimo".
Kumar and Mr. Jones
Kumar and Mr. Jones is a Canadian short drama film, directed by Sugith Varughese and released in 1991.
The film centres on the relationship between Mr. Jones (John Gilbert), a bedridden older man, and Kumar (Ivan Smith), his Indo-Canadian caretaker whose power in the relationship is threatened when Mr. Jones begins responding favourably to treatment by Melissa (Michelle Duquet), a new physical therapist.
The film was made while Varughese was a student at the Canadian Film Centre.
The film received a Genie Award nomination for Best Live Action Short Drama at the 13th Genie Awards in 1992.
(Let's Get Together) One Last Time
"(Let's Get Together) One Last Time" is a song written by Billy Sherrill and George Richey.
It was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette and released as a single in 1977.
"Let's Get Together" was first recorded in December 1976 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
Additional tracks were recorded during this session, which would ultimately become part of Wynette's studio album "Let's Get Together".
The session was produced by Billy Sherrill and the song was issued as a single in January 1977.
The song reached number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
It released on her studio album "Let's Get Together".
Tettigometridae
The Tettigometridae are a family of Fulgoromorpha (planthoppers), with a species distribution from: Europe, Africa, Asia through to west Malesia.
"Fulgoromorpha Lists On the Web" includes the following:
Auth.
: Baker, 1924 (West Africa, Indo-China, Malesia)
Auth.
: Bourgoin, 2018
Auth.
: Ghauri, 1964 (central Africa)
Auth.
: Germar, 1821
A Midsummer's Nightmare (film)
A Midsummer's Nightmare is a 2017 psychological thriller film directed by Gary Fleder.
It is a modern adaptation of the play "A Midsummer Night's Dream" by William Shakespeare.
Four young lovers go into the woods pursue their romantic desires but find their fantasies and secrets being used against them.
The film was produced as a pilot for a planned hour-long anthology series but the pilot was not picked up as a series.
Filming took place in Vancouver and elsewhere in British Columbia, Canada from October 31 to November 18, 2016.
Liz Gateley, Executive Vice President and Head of Programming for Lifetime, stated that the intent was to develop "content that redefines what it means to be a Lifetime show."
The production received some media attention for booking Courtney Love in a role.
The pilot was originally scheduled to premiere on July 28, 2017 but was then moved to July 14 and then again to July 31, when it ultimately aired.
Reviewer Duane of the website Shakespeare Geek gave the film a negative review, doubting the existence of "any Shakespeare of note" in it.
One of a Kind (Tammy Wynette song)
"One of a Kind" is a song written by Billy Sherrill and Stephen Allen Davis.
It was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette and released as a single in 1977.
"One of a Kind" was first recorded in December 1976 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
Additional tracks were recorded during this session, which would ultimately become part of Wynette's studio album "One of a Kind".
The session was produced by Billy Sherrill and the song was issued as a single in August 1977.
The song reached number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
It released on her studio album "One of a Kind".
2020 ITF Men's World Tennis Tour (January–March)
The 2020 ITF Men's World Tennis Tour is the 2020 edition of the second tier tour for men's professional tennis.
It is organised by the International Tennis Federation and is a tier below the ATP Tour.
The ITF Men's World Tennis Tour includes tournaments with prize money ranging from $15,000 to $25,000.
Enchantress (1828 ship)
Enchantress was launched in 1828 at Bristol as a West Indiaman.
She then traded with India as an East Indiaman, sailing under a license issued by the British East India Company (EIC).
She next transported convicts to Van Diemen's Land.
She was wrecked in February 1837 at Bermuda.
"Enchantress" first appeared in "Lloyd's Register" ("LR") in 1829 with W.Drew, master and owner, and trade Bristol-Saint Vincent.
In 1813 the EIC had lost its monopoly on the trade between India and Britain.
British ships were then free to sail to India or the Indian Ocean under a license from the EIC.
On 9 April 1830 Captain Drew sailed for Calcutta under a license from the EIC.
On 13 April 1833 Captain Thomas Canney sailed from Portsmouth, bound for Van Diemen's Land with a cargo of convicts.
"Enchantress" arrived at Hobart town on 31 July.
She had embarked 200 male convicts and landed 199, one having died on the voyage.
"Enchantress" struck a reef on 5 February 1837 off Bermuda and sank.
All on board were rescued.
She was on a voyage from Liverpool, to New York.
Her master was Captain George Donaldson, and she was carrying 66 or 74 Irish emigrants, two of whom died on the voyage.
Her destination was New York but bad weather and damage to the vessel led Donaldson to make for Bermuda.
Citations
References
Hypochthonella
Hypochthonella is a monotypic genus of Fulgoromorpha (planthoppers), with the single species, Hypochthonella caeca discovered from Zimbabwe.
This species is the only known representative of the monotypic family Hypochthonellidae .
Shirakumo Shrine
Shirakumo Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Kyoto Gyoen National Garden, in Kyoto, Japan.
Sérgio Santos (footballer, born 1998)
Sérgio Assis Capitango Fernando Santos (born 2 October 1998) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portimonense.
Santos made his professional debut with Portimonense in a 2-1 Taça da Liga win over Gil Vicente F.C.
on 25 September 2019.
H3K23ac
H3K23ac is an epigenetic modification to the DNA packaging protein Histone H3.
It is a mark that indicates the acetylation at the 23rd lysine residue of the histone H3 protein.
H3K23ac is not well studied but is correlated to TRIM24 in breast cancer.
Proteins are typically acetylated on lysine residues and this reaction relies on acetyl-coenzyme A as the acetyl group donor.
In histone acetylation and deacetylation, histone proteins are acetylated and deacetylated on lysine residues in the N-terminal tail as part of gene regulation.
Typically, these reactions are catalyzed by enzymes with "histone acetyltransferase" (HAT) or "histone deacetylase" (HDAC) activity, although HATs and HDACs can modify the acetylation status of non-histone proteins as well.
The regulation of transcription factors, effector proteins, molecular chaperones, and cytoskeletal proteins by acetylation and deacetylation is a significant post-translational regulatory mechanism These regulatory mechanisms are analogous to phosphorylation and dephosphorylation by the action of kinases and phosphatases.
Not only can the acetylation state of a protein modify its activity but there has been recent suggestion that this post-translational modification may also crosstalk with phosphorylation, methylation, ubiquitination, sumoylation, and others for dynamic control of cellular signaling.
In the field of epigenetics, histone acetylation (and deacetylation) have been shown to be important mechanisms in the regulation of gene transcription.
Histones, however, are not the only proteins regulated by posttranslational acetylation.
H3K23ac indicates acetylation of lysine 23 on histone H3 protein subunit:
The genomic DNA of eukaryotic cells is wrapped around special protein molecules known as Histones.
The complexes formed by the looping of the DNA are known as chromatin.
The basic structural unit of chromatin is the nucleosome: this consists of the core octamer of histones (H2A, H2B, H3 and H4) as well as a linker histone and about 180 base pairs of DNA.
These core histones are rich in lysine and arginine residues.
The carboxyl (C) terminal end of these histones contribute to histone-histone interactions, as well as histone-DNA interactions.
The amino (N) terminal charged tails are the site of the post-translational modifications, such as the one seen in H3K36me3.
The post-translational modification of histone tails by either histone modifying complexes or chromatin remodelling complexes are interpreted by the cell and lead to complex, combinatorial transcriptional output.
It is thought that a Histone code dictates the expression of genes by a complex interaction between the histones in a particular region.
The current understanding and interpretation of histones comes from two large scale projects: ENCODE and the Epigenomic roadmap.
The purpose of the epigenomic study was to investigate epigenetic changes across the entire genome.
This led to chromatin states which define genomic regions by grouping the interactions of different proteins and/or histone modifications together.
Chromatin states were investigated in Drosophila cells by looking at the binding location of proteins in the genome.
Use of ChIP-sequencing revealed regions in the genome characterised by different banding.
Different developmental stages were profiled in Drosophila as well, an emphasis was placed on histone modification relevance.
A look in to the data obtained led to the definition of chromatin states based on histone modifications.
The human genome was annotated with chromatin states.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
This independence from the DNA sequence enforces the epigenetic nature of histone modifications.
Chromatin states are also useful in identifying regulatory elements that have no defined sequence, such as enhancers.
This additional level of annotation allows for a deeper understanding of cell specific gene regulation.
H3K23ac and the oncoprotein TRIM24 are higher in HER2-positive breast cancer patients and is a poor prognosis.
The histone mark acetylation can be detected in a variety of ways:
1.
Chromatin Immunoprecipitation Sequencing (ChIP-sequencing) measures the amount of DNA enrichment once bound to a targeted protein and immunoprecipitated.
It results in good optimization and is used in vivo to reveal DNA-protein binding occurring in cells.
ChIP-Seq can be used to identify and quantify various DNA fragments for different histone modifications along a genomic region.
2.
Micrococcal Nuclease sequencing (MNase-seq) is used to investigate regions that are bound by well positioned nucleosomes.
Use of the micrococcal nuclease enzyme is employed to identify nucleosome positioning.
Well positioned nucleosomes are seen to have enrichment of sequences.
3.
Assay for transposase accessible chromatin sequencing (ATAC-seq) is used to look in to regions that are nucleosome free (open chromatin).
It uses hyperactive Tn5 transposon to highlight nucleosome localisation.
Kyoto Gyoen National Garden
Kyoto Gyoen National Garden is a national garden of Japan.
It is situated around the Kyoto Imperial Palace.
Nobody's Wife (song)
"Nobody's Wife" is the second single released from Dutch singer-songwriter Anouk's debut studio album, "Together Alone".
The song was written by Anouk, Satindra Kalpoe and Bart van Veen, and it was produced by George Kooymans, Barry Hay and John Sonneveld.
It was released through Dino Music in the Netherlands and Ireland, BMG in Europe and Australia and Columbia Records in the United States.
First issued as a single in the Netherlands, "Nobody's Wife" became a hit, reaching number two on both the Dutch Top 40 and the Single Top 100 charts.
In early 1998, the song began to gain popularity in the rest of mainland Europe, especially in the Flanders region of Belgium and the Nordic countries, reaching the top 10 in these regions; in Iceland, it peaked at number one for two weeks.
A music video shot in black and white was made for the song, featuring clips of Anouk singing and dancing to the song.
"Music & Media" wrote about the song: "This is an excellent rock ballad by the Golden Earring endorsed Dutch debutante artist (...).
Anouk has made a bold—and as it turns out, convincing—move into the territory already occupied by the likes of Alanis Morissette and Meredith Brooks."
The song was first released in the Netherlands in the latter half of 1997.
It first charted on the Single Top 100 chart on 20 September 1997 at number 94, then debuted on the Dutch Top 40 Tipparade chart on 4 October at number 30.
On 15 November, the song rose to number two on both charts on stayed at that rank for four weeks on both listings.
It remained on the Dutch Top 40 for 20 weeks and the Single Top 100 for 40 weeks, earning a Platinum certification from NVPI for shipments of over 75,000 units.
According to the Single Top 100 chart, it was the ninth-best-selling hit of the year.
After its Dutch success, "Nobody's Wife" began to receive airplay throughout western and northern Europe.
It made its first foreign chart appearance on the Swedish Singles Chart on 12 December 1997, climbing to a peak of number two on 16 January 1998 and keeping the position for five weeks.
It ended 1998 as Sweden's 17th-most-successful song and went Platinum for shipping over 30,000 copies.
The single is also certified Platinum in Norway, where it peaked at number two for three weeks.
In the Flanders region of Belgium, "Nobody's Wife" reached number five on the week of 28 February and eventually went Gold for sales exceeding 25,000, and in Denmark, it reached number six in late January.
In February 1998, "Nobody's Wife" charted in Finland, rising to number nine three weeks after its debut.
The song then garnered success in Iceland starting in early March, debuting at number four on the Íslenski listinn chart and topping the listing on the weeks of 20 and 27 March.
A few months later, on 27 June, the single debuted on the French Singles Chart at number 80.
It reached its peak of number 34 on 8 August and spent a total of 14 weeks in the top 100.
The song was released in the United States in September 1998 but failed to make a significant impact, charting only on the "Billboard" Heritage Rock chart at number 32.
In March 2010, the single appeared on the German Singles Chart for only one week, at number 87.
Dutch CD single/Irish CD promo
European maxi single 1/Australian CD single
European maxi single 2
French/German CD single
US CD promo
US 7" single
New Jersey Coalition for Vaccination Choice
The New Jersey Coalition for Vaccination Choice (NJCVC) is a state-level anti-vaccination group advocating against mandatory vaccination.
Since its foundation in 2008 by Sue Collins and Maureen Drummond, the group's spokespersons have been advocating against mandatory vaccination for school children.
While they reject the "anti-vaccine" label, they repeat messages common to other anti-vaccination groups about the alleged lack of testing of multiple vaccines, while denying vaccination was effective in eliminating infectious diseases such as polio.
Scientists and medical experts have countered many of these statements, arguments against vaccination being contradicted by overwhelming scientific consensus about the safety and efficacy of vaccines.
Several experts such as Paul Offit have said campaigns by groups such as the New Jersey Coalition for Vaccination Choice contribute to vaccine hesitancy, even as New Jersey's vaccination rates decline, putting the population in increasing danger.
New Jersey Coalition for Vaccination Choice was instrumental to bringing some 400 protesters to the New Jersey State House on December 12, 2019, as legislators were debating a measure meant to tighten the state's vaccine exemption regulations.
Supported by anti-vaccination activist Del Bigtree, some of the parents said they would take their children out of school rather than have them vaccinated.
A call for action by the group brought an angry crowd to committee hearings in 2018 when state legislator were debating a similar measure.
A 2009 meeting between representatives of the group, including anti-vaccination activist Louise Kuo Habakus, and New Jersey governor Chris Christie put the governor in political difficulty when he seemed to agree with the debunked belief that vaccines cause autism.
John of Würzburg
John of Würzburg (Latin "Johannes Herbipolensis") was a German priest who made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in the 1160s and wrote a book describing the Christian holy places, the "Descriptio terrae sanctae" (Description of the Holy Land).
All that is known of John's life is what he records in his "Descriptio".
He says that he was a priest of the church of Würzburg and he dedicated his work to a friend named Dietrich (Theoderic).
The Tegernsee manuscript calls John the bishop of Würzburg, but there was no bishop named John.
Possibly the copyist or whoever added the description of John to the Tegernsee manuscript confused him with his friend, who is sometimes identified with Dietrich of Hohenburg, who was bishop of Würzburg in 1223–24.
This identification is not certain.
Nor is the identification of Dietrich with the man of the same name who went on a pilgrimage around 1172 and wrote his own account of it, the "Libellus de locis sanctis".
John's pilgrimage took place while the holy places belonged to the Christian Kingdom of Jerusalem, but before the major renovation of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
He may have written his "Descriptio" several decades after the pilgrimage, possibly after 1200.
His account is not entirely based on what he himself saw, he admits that he made use of eyewitness reports and in some cases borrowed from other travel guides (especially Fretellus).
He probably landed at Acre, when he travelled to Nazareth, Jenin, Nablus, Jerusalem, Bethlehem and Jaffa, where he took ship home.
His description of these places is mostly that of an eyewitness.
The "Descriptio" is known from four manuscripts.
The earliest and longest, now Clm.
19418 in the Bayerische Staatsbibliothek in Munich, dates to the late 12th or early 13th century and comes from Tegernsee Abbey.
John's Latin is educated but ordinary.
John's purpose in writing was to update the 7th-century description of the Holy Land, "De locis sanctis", which he knew from the version edited by Bede, based on the construction projects that had taken place since the First Crusade.
The text is structured around the life of Jesus and divided into seven sections highlighting his birth, baptism, passion, descent into Hell, resurrection, ascension and judgement.
This structure was considered irrational by Titus Tobler, who rearranged the text for his edition.
The "Descriptio" contains information about the different Christian denominations in the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
It has also aroused interest for its early indications of the rise of national feeling in Europe.
John was a German patriot who laments the lack of credit given to the German crusaders.
In his thirteenth chapter, he writes:
Three days afterwards is the anniversary of noble Duke Godfrey [of Bouillon] of happy memory, the chief and leader of that holy expedition, who was born of a German family.
His anniversary is solemnly observed by the city with plenteous giving of alms in the great church, according as he himself arranged while yet alive.
But although he is there honoured in this way for himself, yet the taking of the city is not credited to him with his Germans, who bore no small share in the toils of that expedition, but is attributed to the French alone.
Paul Ayongo
Paul Ayongo (born 16 November 1996) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Mafra, on loan from Paços de Ferreira.
Ayongo made his professional debut with Paços de Ferreira in a 3-2 Taça da Liga win over Académico de Viseu on 28 July 2018.
They Call It Makin' Love
"They Call It Makin' Love" is a song written by Bobby Braddock that was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette and released as a single in 1979.
"They Call It Makin' Love" was first recorded in December 1978 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
Additional tracks were recorded during this session, which would ultimately become part of Wynette's studio album released with the single.
The session was produced by Billy Sherrill and the song was issued as a single in January 1979.
The song reached number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
It released on her studio album "Just Tammy".
Descriptio terrae sanctae
Descriptio terrae sanctae or Description of the Holy Land may refer to:
Liam Stanley
Liam Stanley (born June 12, 1997) is a Canadian athlete.
He made his Canadian National Team debut at the 2016 Summer Paralympics where he won a silver medal in the Men's 1500 metres T37.
Stanley was born on June 12, 1997, in Victoria, British Columbia.
At birth, he suffered a stroke which left him weak on his right side.
Growing up, he attended Glenlyon Norfolk School, where he played soccer.
In 2013, Stanley was honoured as Canadian Para Soccer Player of the Year after playing for the Canada national cerebral palsy football team in the Tournoi international and Intercontinental Cup.
The following year, Stanley qualified for the America Cup and was named Canadian Para Soccer Player of the Year for the second consecutive time.
He was later named to Team Canada's roster for the 2015 CP Football World Championships and the 2015 Parapan American Games.
After Team Canada failed to qualify for Brazil, he began to start training for track.
Stanley eventually made his Paralympic debut during the 2016 Summer Paralympics, earning a silver medal in the Men's 1500 metres T37.
Stanley was later named to Canada's 2017 IFCPF CP Football World Championships team.
Upon qualifying for the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships men’s T38 800-metre final, Stanley set a new record for fastest time with 2 minutes and 5.89 seconds.
During the finals, Stanley took home a silver medal with a time of 4 minutes and 37.96 seconds during the Men's 1500 metres.
On May 16, 2018, Stanley was named 2017 Ambulatory Athlete of the Year by Athletics Canada.
He was also named Athlete of the Year with a disability by Sport BC.
On September 26, 2019, Stanley was named to Team Canada's roster for the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships, where he placed fifth in the men's 1500-metre T38 finals.
Thomas Vámos
Thomas Vámos (born September 21, 1938 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian-Canadian cinematographer.
He is most noted as a two-time Genie Award nominee for Best Cinematography, receiving nominations at the 10th Genie Awards in 1989 for "The Revolving Doors (Les Portes tournantes)" and at the 13th Genie Awards in 1992 for "Being at Home with Claude".
His other film credits have included "This Is No Time for Romance (Ça n'est pas le temps des romans)", "Kid Sentiment", "Q-Bec My Love", "O.K.
... Laliberté", "Mario", "The Dame in Colour (La dame en couleurs)", "The Peanut Butter Solution", "The Gate", "Captive Hearts", "A Hero's Life (La vie d'un héros)", "The Sleep Room" and "Summer with the Ghosts".
He directed a number of films in the 1970s and 1980s, including the feature films "Exile (L'Exil)" and "La fleur aux dents".
In 1983 the short film "The Plant (La plante)", which Vámos codirected with Joyce Borenstein, won the Montreal Prize at the Montreal World Film Festival.
Table tennis at the 2016 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual – Class 8
The Men's individual table tennis – Class 8 tournament at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro took place during 8–12 September 2016 at Riocentro Pavilion 3.
Classes 1–5 were for athletes with a physical impairment that affected their legs, and who competed in a sitting position.
The lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment was on an athlete's ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in five groups of three.
Winners and runners-up of each group qualified for the next stage.
"All times are local time in ."
Gengidae
The Gengidae are a family of Fulgoromorpha (planthoppers), with species found in South Africa.
"Fulgoromorpha Lists On the Web" includes four species in two genera:
Senator Campbell
Senator Campbell may refer to:
Table tennis at the 2016 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual – Class 7
The men's individual table tennis – Class 7 tournament at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro took place during 8–13 September 2016 at Riocentro Pavilion 3.
Classes 1–5 were for athletes with a physical impairment that affected their legs, and who competed in a sitting position.
The lower the number, the greater the impact the impairment was on an athlete's ability to compete.
In the preliminary stage, athletes competed in six groups of three.
Winners and runners-up of each group qualified to the next stage.
"All times are local time in ."
No One Else in the World
"No One Else in the World" is a song written by Stephen Allen Davis and Billy Sherrill.
It was originally recorded by American country artist Tammy Wynette and released as a single in 1979.
"No One Else in the World" was first recorded in March 1979 at the Columbia Recording Studio in Nashville, Tennessee.
Additional tracks were recorded during this session, which would ultimately become part of Wynette's studio album released with the single.
The session was produced by Billy Sherrill and the song was issued as a single in January 1979.
The song reached number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
It released on her studio album "Just Tammy".
Ruth Fahrbach
Ruth Fahrbach (born November 25, 1942) is an American politician who served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 61st district from 1981 to 2009.
Kafa Al-Zou'bi
Kafa Al-Zou'bi (, born 1965) is a Jordanian author.
Her novel "Cold White Sun" was shortlisted for the International Prize for Arabic Fiction in 2019.
Kafa Al-Zou'bi was born in 1965 in Ar-Ramtha, Jordan.
She graduated from Ramtha Secondary School for Girls in 1984.
She earned a B.Sc.
in civil engineering from Leningrad State University in 1992.
She lived in St. Petersburg, Russia for a substantial period of time, experiencing the end of the Soviet Union.
She left Saint Petersburg in 2006, and now lives in Amman, Jordan, where she works as a journalist as well as a novelist, though she maintains strong ties to both cities.
Al-Zou'bi has written six novels, five in Arabic and one in Russian.
Al-Zou'bi's novels are generally interested in Arab intellectual life and existentialism.
The novels "S" and "Laila, the Snow and Ludmilla" were the subject of a symposium debate between translator Alexander Habash and the novelist Faten Al-Murr at the 2015 Beirut International Book Fair.
The discussion focused on interpreting the two novels as potentially feminist texts.
The literary critic Ali Hassan Al-Fawaz responded with an article rejecting the premise, describing Al-Zou'bi's writing as transcending simple political interpretations; Al-Zou'bi's novels, he argues, require a reader who will rise to the semiotic challenges of her symbolic writing.
"Cold White Sun" was shortlisted for the International Prize for Arabic Fiction in 2019.
As a shortlisted book, it was one of 6 titles selected from 134 candidates.
Being shortlisted comes with a prize of $10,000.
Despite this international success, the novel faced censorship in Jordan.
In February 2018, the Media Commission forbade circulation of the novel within Jordan and asked distributors to re-export any copies they had in their possession.
The Commission declined to give a specific reason for the ban.
The novel is about a young intellectual who feels alienated from the conservative society of Amman.
Much of the book takes the form of the diary of an old man who was the prior occupant of his windowless room.
This narrative raises existential questions about eternity and futility, and the suppression of Arab intellectual culture.
The literary critic Walid Abu Bakr described the novel as a combination of the myth of Enkidu in the Epic of Gilgamesh and the myth Sisyphus, contrasting heroic and absurd models of eternity.
Issue 66 of "Banipal, the Magazine of Modern Arab Literature" takes Al-Zou'bi as its featured author, with an essay on her literary influences, an excerpt of "Cold White Sun" translated into English, and a review of the novel.
This excerpt is the only writing by Al-Zou'bi available in English, as of 2019.
Isaac Lumago
Isaac Lumago (1939 – 8 May 2012) was a Ugandan military officer who served as chief of staff for the Uganda Army from 1977 to 1978, and later became leader of the Former Uganda National Army (FUNA).
Isaac Lumago was born in 1939.
He was an ethnic Nubian, and a cousin of Idi Amin.
Lumago joined the Uganda Army in 1963.
He later became Uganda's High Commissioner to Lesotho.
In July 1976 he was in Kenya, and he overheard Kenya Air Force officers on 4 July, discussing plans by Israel to carry out a raid against Entebbe International Airport to free hostages who were held there by Palestinian and German airplane hijackers with the complicity of the Ugandan government.
Lumago and Colonel Gad Wilson Toko, who was in Nairobi for non-military reasons, managed to telephone Brigadier Isaac Maliyamungu after failing to reach Uganda Army Chief of Staff Mustafa Adrisi.
Maliyamungu, who was reportedly drunk at a night club, dismissed the warning and told both men that since they were acting in civilian capacities they both should not involve themselves in military matters.
The Israelis subsequently launched Operation Entebbe, rescuing the hostages and destroying a significant portion of the Uganda Army Air Force.
Lumago was recalled to Uganda later that year.
In January 1977 Lumago, at the rank of general, was appointed Chief of Staff of the army and Minister of State for Defence.
Lumago did little to exercise responsibility over his ministerial portfolio.
At the time, he was regarded as follower of Adrisi who had been appointed Vice President.
In early 1978, a political rivalry between Adrisi and President Idi Amin gradually escalated until the latter was injured in a suspicious car accident.
The Vice President was consequently flown to Egypt for treatment, whereupon Amin purged his followers from the government.
In April 1978, Lumago was among those officers who were deeply criticised by Amin in a public radio broadcast.
Afterwards, on 8 May he was dismissed as Chief of Staff and Minister of State for Defence and relegated to inspecting the equipment of the army's mechanised regiments.
In 1979 Tanzanian forces and Ugandan rebels invaded Uganda and overthrew Amin.
Lumago fled from his mansion in Koboko, which was subsequently destroyed.
He went to Zaire, from where he organized remnants of the Uganda Army into a rebel force.
Together with other pro-Amin groups, Lumago's force invaded the West Nile region in 1980, starting the Ugandan Bush War.
He eventually rose to commander of the pro-Amin insurgent group known as Former Uganda National Army (FUNA).
In July 1985, the Ugandan government under Tito Okello invited him and about 1,500 FUNA fighters to return.
He accepted, joined Okello's government, and consequently began to fight against another rebel movement, the National Resistance Army (NRA) of Yoweri Museveni.
Lumago set up his headquarters in a hotel in Kampala from where he gave interviews and directed his troops.
Meanwhile, FUNA was accused of gross indiscipline, reportedly raping and murdering civilians in the capital and other areas, though Lumago denied these charges.
He also lobbied for an anmesty to allow Idi Amin to return to Uganda.
Lumago's troops fought with the UNLA to defend Kampala from a NRA offensive in January 1986, but were defeated.
Lumago was forced to flee back into Zaire where he continued to live in exile until 1997.
In late 2011 Lumago was made adviser to President Museveni for security in the West Nile sub-region.
In 2012 Lumago fell ill and was taken to a medical clinic in Koboko.
The clinic referred him to Arua Referral Hospital in Arua, where he was taken and admitted into the intensive care unit.
His health continued to deteriorate until he died on 8 May at the age of 73.
Lumago was Christian.
By the time of his death, he had three wives and about thirty children.
Lumago was a close friend of Andrew Mukooza, the last commander of the Uganda Army Air Force.
Joshua Deahl
Joshua A. Deahl is an associate judge on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Deahl earned his B.A.
from Arizona State University and his J.D.
from University of Michigan.
After graduating, Deahl clerked for Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit Judge Fortunato Benavides and Supreme Court Justices Sandra Day O’Connor and Anthony Kennedy.
Deahl worked as an attorney for the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia and in private practice.
On June 29, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Deahl to the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
His nomination expired on January 4, 2019, with the end of the 115th United States Congress.
President Trump renominated Deahl on May 2, 2019, to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals to the seat vacated by Eric T. Washington.
On October 22, 2019, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on his nomination.
On November 6, 2019, the Committee reported his nomination favorably to the senate floor.
On November 21, 2019, the full Senate confirmed his nomination by voice vote.
He was sworn in on January 6, 2020.
German Space Operations Center
The German Space Operations Center (GSOC; ) is the mission control center of German Aerospace Center (DLR) in Oberpfaffenhofen near Munich, Germany.
The GSOC performs the following tasks in national and international spaceflight:
After the Federal Republic of Germany decided in the 1960s to launch a national space program and to participate in international space projects, the idea of having its own space control center became concrete.
In 1967, then Federal Minister of Finance Franz Josef Strauss laid the foundation stone for the first building complex, which was also opened a little later.
Until 1985, the Oberpfaffenhofen site of the then German Aerospace Research and Testing Institute (DFVLR) increasingly concentrated on spaceflight.
The human spaceflight received special attention.
Indeed, the GSOC then accompanied two crewed missions: During STS-61-A in 1985, GSOC took over the control of the Spacelab, while flight control continued from NASA's Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center was acquired.
For the first time, the Payload Operation Control Center (POCC) of a US space mission was directed outside of NASA.
This also means that, for the first time, a human spaceflight was (partially) monitored from outside the USA or the Soviet Union.
During this mission, then Bavarian Prime Minister Franz Josef Strauss announced on 5 November 1985 an extensive investment program with which the role of Oberpfaffenhofen in European spaceflight should be increased.
But the failure of Ariane 3 in 1985 and the "Challenger" disaster in 1986 slowed the development of the Oberpfaffenhofen and thus the GSOC.
Nevertheless, the investment program also gave the GSOC a new building (Building 140), the construction began on 4 April 1989.
In 1993, GSOC accompanied the entire operation with STS-55 and had full payload control via the Spacelab.
This was the first time that there was unfiltered access to all data.
John Wyeth
John Wyeth (1770-1858) was a printer in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania who is best-known for printing "Wyeth's Repository of Sacred Music, Part Second" (Harrisburg, PA: 1813), which marks an important transition in American music.
Like the original "Repository" of 1810, "Part Second" used the four-shape system of Little and Smith in "The Easy Instructor" (Philadelphia, PA: 1801) to appeal to a wider audience; but its pioneering inclusion American folk tunes influenced all subsequent folk hymn, camp meeting, and shape note collections.
Musicologist Warren Steel sees "Wyeth's Repository of Sacred Music, Part Second" as marking "the end of the age of New England composer-compilers (1770-1810) and the beginning of the age of southern collector-compilers (1816-1860)."
John Wyeth was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the son of Ebenezer Wyeth, II, who fought at Bunker Hill, and Mary Wyeth, and the younger brother (by 12 years) of Joshua Wyeth who at the age of 16 participated in the Boston Tea Party.
He learned printing through an apprenticeship.
He worked as a printer in Santo Domingo.
With the outbreak of the Haitian Revolution in 1791, he moved to Philadelphia, and finally settled in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
In 1792 he became the publisher of a newspaper, "The Oracle of the Dauphin" (Dauphin County).
The following year he was appointed postmaster by George Washington, but in 1798 John Adams, who saw a conflict of interest in having a newspaper man also act as postmaster, dismissed him, although they were both Federalists.
There is no record of any musical training or activity, until 1810 when he published Joseph Doll's "Der leichte Unterricht in der Vokal Musik" for the German-speaking market, and "Wyeth’s Repository of Sacred Music", for moderate evangelical Christians.
In 1813 he published a "Second Part" of the "Repository of Sacred Music," containing songs for Methodists and Baptists.
In 1818 he published "Choral Harmonie enthaltend Kirchen-Melodien" for German Lutherans.
His wife was Louisa Wyeth (Weiss), together they had three children.
His son Louis Wyeth (1812-1889) became a county judge of Marshall County, Alabama.
Although published in the north, "Wyeth's Repository of Sacred Music, Part Second" (1813), had a profound influence on Southern shape note tune-books.
Of the 41 folk-hymns introduced here, 10 were used by Ananias Davisson in the "Kentucky Harmony" (1816), 20 by William Walker in the "Southern Harmony" (1835), and six in the Sacred Harp (1844).
The tune, now known as "Nettleton," with the words "Come Thou Font Of Every Blessing" first appears here on page 112 in two parts (tenor and bass); it is now used in 397 hymnals.
One element of "Part Second," the appearance of English hymnody, such as the ten tunes attributed to Martin Madan, was part of an on-going trend in the northern states, but ignored by Southern tunebook compilers, who increasingly turned to regional folk tunes as sources of inspiration.
John Wyeth describes his musical qualifications in the last sentence of the "Preface" to the first part of the "Repository":
In short, if many years attention to the charms of church music, if an extensive acquaintance with the taste of teachers of the first emininence in the United States, and with the possession of some thousand pages of selected music to cull from, be considerations, which may added to the merit of the editor's undertaking...
Wyeth does not claim any musical training or attendance at one of the singing schools typical of the time; he limits himself to (1) liking church music; (2) knowing the "taste" of teachers (but not studying under them), and (3) owning a collection of books from which to cull.
Musicologist Irving Lowens suggests that his motivations may have been strictly business.
Ross Ellison mentions the shrewdness in discovering a newly emerging musical market (revival music and camp meeting songs) as the significance of Wyeth's his contribution to American music.
Warren Steel qualifies this assessment by drawing attention to the fact that Wyeth grew up in the Boston-Cambridge area at a time when singing-schools were popular, and when William Billings and others were creating American choral music.
The lack of musical skills did not matter for the original "Repository," in which Wyeth merely reprinted material from earlier, successful publications.
The innovative aspects of "Part Second" are attributed Elkanah Kelsey Dare, who was hired as music-editor, and contributed 16 of his own compositions (his entire known work).
Dare may have been assisted by others, but their names have not been recorded.
Dzhagdy Range
The Dzhagdy Range () is a range of mountains in far North-eastern Russia.
Administratively it belongs partly to Amur Oblast and partly to the Khabarovsk Krai of the Russian Federation.
The Dzhagdy is a range in northeastern Siberia, located in the northeast of Amur Oblast and the western side of Khabarovsk Krai.
It is part of the Yankan - Tukuringra - Soktakhan - Dzhagdy group of mountain ranges (which also includes the Turan Range), being the easternmost of the group.
The Upper Zeya Plain lies between this alignment of ranges and the Stanovoy Range to the north.
The Dzhagdy Range is limited by the Zeya River valley to the north and west, where Zeya town is located.
The Tukuringra Range joins the Soktakhan and the Dzhagdy on the area of the Zeya Dam.
To the north flows the Uda River and in the south lies the Zeya-Bureya Lowland.
To the southeast the Selemdzha Range continues further eastwards.
The highest point of the Dzhagdy is an unnamed peak reaching .
The slopes of the range are covered by conifer forests, part of the Da Hinggan-Dzhagdy Mountains conifer forests ecoregion, together with the Greater Khingan (Da Hinggan) Range of Manchuria, China.
The Zeya Nature Reserve is located at the eastern end of the Tukuringra Range, where it joins the Dzhagdy.
The lower altitudes of the range provide a habitat for the Siberian Salamander.
Murders of Russell and Shirley Dermond
The murders of Russell and Shirley Dermond occurred in early May 2014.
Russell Dermond was found dead on May 6, 2014, in the garage of the house he owned next to Lake Oconee in Putnam County, Georgia.
His body had been decapitated when it was found, and his head could not be found in the house.
Russell's wife, Shirley Dermond, could not be located in the house either.
More than a week later, her body was discovered at the bottom of Lake Oconee, about five miles from her house.
She appeared to have died from a blow to her head, and her body had been weighted down with concrete blocks.
Unlike her husband, she had not been decapitated.
At the time of their deaths, Russell was 88 years old and Shirley was 87.
As of January 2020, the murders have remained unsolved, and Russell's head still had not been found.
Russell Dermond was originally from Hackensack, New Jersey.
He served in the United States Navy during World War II.
He married Shirley on December 15, 1950.
They went on to have four children and nine grandchildren.
After working in the fast food industry, including owning several Hardee's locations in Atlanta, he retired in 1994.
Russell and Shirley went on to move to the Great Waters Reynolds Lake Oconee gated community, about 12 miles northeast of Eatonton.
In 2000, their oldest son Mark was killed in Atlanta while attempting to purchase crack cocaine.
Investigators believe that there is no connection between this crime and the subsequent murder of Mark's parents.
Russell Dermond was last seen alive on May 1, 2014, running errands at a grocery store and bank in Eatonton.
Along with Shirley, he spoke with his son, Brad, over the phone later that day.
Russell and Shirley were expected to attend a party for the 2014 Kentucky Derby the following weekend with their neighbors, who grew concerned when the Dermonds did not show up.
On May 6, one of their neighbors came to the Dermonds' house to check on them.
The neighbor found the door unlocked and went on to enter the house.
Russell's dead, decapitated body was found on the floor of his two-car garage, lying in a small pool of blood.
When police were unable to locate Shirley at the house, they initially suspected that she had been kidnapped.
Ten days later, her body was found by fishermen on Lake Oconee.
A subsequent autopsy found that she had died from either two or three deep wounds to the head from a blunt object.
Initially, investigators were pursuing multiple potential leads to find the perpetrator (or perpetrators) and their motive for killing the Dermonds.
However, this eventually led nowhere, and over time the leads gradually declined in frequency.
Although the perpetrator and motive remain unknown, Putnam County sheriff Howard Sills has said he is convinced that multiple people were involved.
Because gunshot residue was found on Russell's collar, Sills also believes that Russell was decapitated after having been shot in the head in an attempt to prevent police from finding the bullet, and that the perpetrators went to the Dermonds' home intending to obtain money, despite the fact that nothing in the home was stolen.
Madhu Mansuri Hasmukh
Madhu Mansuri Hasmukh (born 1948) is an Indian singer, songwriter and activist.
He had written and sung several Nagpuri songs for movement of separate state Jharkhand.
In 2011 Government of Jharkhand awarded him Jharkhand Ratna Award.
In 2020, he awarded Padma Shri.
Madhu Mansuri Hasmukh was born on 4 September 1948 in similia in Ranchi district.
His father name was Abdul Rahman Mansuri.
According to Madhu Mansuri, his ancestors were Oraon who were converted to Islam.
He married Samia Oraon.
He was operater in MECON.
He learned traditional song from his father.
He had started singing songs from his childhood.
He sang first song in stage in 1960 at the age of twelve.
He established "Shist Manch" in 1960 and his first book of Nagpuri songs got published.
In 1972 he wrote "Nagpur kar Kora" song.
In 1992, he traveled Taiwan with Ram Dayal Munda and Mukund Nayak.
He had written and sung several Nagpuri songs for movement for separate Jharkhand state.
Government of Jharkhand awarded him Jharkhand Bibhuti Award.
In 2011, Government of Jharkhand awarded him Jharkhand Ratna Award.
In 2020, he awarded Padma Shri.
Wayne Dickens
Wayne Dickens is a former American football player and coach.
He served as the head football coach at Kentucky State University from 2009 to 2012 and The College of New Jersey (TCNJ) from 2013 to 2015, compiling a career college football coaching record of 28–42.
Raised in Orange, New Jersey, Dickens played as a center / linebacker at Orange High School.
Senator Abercrombie
Senator Abercrombie may refer to:
Wang Jinlong
Wang Jinlong (; born March 1963) is a Chinese scientist and educator in the fields of shortwave communication.
He has been President of the PLA Ground Force Engineering University since September 2015, and formerly served as Vice-President of PLA Information Engineering University.
He holds the rank of major general (shao jiang) in the People's Liberation Army (PLA).
Wang was born in Haixing County, Hebei in March 1963.
He received his doctor's degree from PLA Information Engineering University in 1992.
In January 2012 he was appointed Vice-President of PLA Information Engineering University.
On September 25, 2015, he was promoted to become President of the PLA University of Science and Technology (now PLA Ground Force Engineering University), replacing Zhang Yafei.
In September 2017 he became a delegate to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Parapapá
Parapapá is a song by Spanish singer Melody from her upcoming album.
It was recorded in Miami, produced by Rafa Vergara, and released by Sony Music on June 28, 2018.
The song was written by Melody Ruíz, Vicky Echeverrí, Juanfran Parra, Elliot Justo, Junior De La Rosa, and Rafa Vergara who also produced the song.
It was released on June 28, 2018 along with its accompanying music video.
The video surpassed one million views on YouTube after just a few days of its release.
The video for Parapapá was released on the same day as the song.
The video, like the song, was well received and described as sexy.
Eucalyptus rowleyi
Eucalyptus rowleyi is a species of mallee that is endemic to the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
It has smooth grey bark, lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds in groups of seven or nine, white flowers and cylindrical to urn-shaped fruit.
"Eucalyptus rowleyi" is a mallee that grows to a height of and forms a lignotuber.
The bark is smooth grey to tan, and cream-coloured when new.
The leaves on young plants and on coppice regrowth are dull bluish green, egg-shaped, up to long and wide.
Adult leaves are lance-shaped to broadly lance-shaped, mostly long and wide.
The flower buds are borne in groups of seven or nine on a thickened peduncle long, the individual flowers on pedicels long.
Mature buds are club-shaped, wide with a conical operculum long.
The flowers are white and the fruit are cylindrical to urn-shaped, long and wide.
"Eucalyptus rowleyi" was first formally described in 2012 by Dean Nicolle and Malcolm E. French from material collected north of Newman by Ian Brooker in 1983.
The description was published in the journal "Nuytsia".
The specific epithet ("rowleyi") honours Bruce Rowley, an expert desert traveller who first discovered the Little Sandy Desert population of this species.
This mallee usually grows on broad floodplains or in open mallee vegetation.
It is only known from the area between Marble Bar, Newman and the Rudall River National Park in the Little Sandy Desert and Pilbara biogeographic regions.
This mallee is classified as "Priority Three" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife meaning that it is poorly known and known from only a few locations but is not under imminent threat.
2019 Men's China Squash Open
The Men's China Squash Open 2019 was the men's edition of the 2019 China Squash Open, which is a tournament of the PSA World Tour World Tour Gold event (Prize money : 112 000 $).
The event took place in Shanghai in China from 4 September to 8 September.
Mohamed El Shorbagy won his second China Squash Open trophy, beating Ali Farag in the final.
For 2016, the prize purse was $112,000.
The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:
Leann Birch
Leann L. Birch (born Leann Elsie Traub; – ) was an American developmental psychologist, best known for her research on children's eating behaviours.
Birch was born in Owosso, Michigan, and grew up primarily in Southern California.
She obtained a bachelor’s degree in psychology from California State University at Long Beach in 1971.
She completed her graduate studies in psychology at the University of Michigan, earning a master’s degree in 1973 and a PhD in 1975.
From 1972 to 1992, Birch was a faculty member at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, where she headed the Department of Human Development and Family Studies.
In 1992, she became a professor and department head at Pennsylvania State University, where she remained for 21 years.
At Penn State, she was the director of the Center for Childhood Obesity Research.
In 2014, she joined the faculty at the Department of Foods and Nutrition at the University of Georgia.
Birch authored more than 250 publications that have been cited over 51,000 times.
She served on a number of committees dedicated to obesity prevention, including a term as the chair of the Committee on Obesity Prevention Policies for Young Children at the Institute of Medicine from 2009 to 2011.
Her research program is credited for its influence on policy and position statements from scientific and professional bodies, such as the Institute of Medicine, the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Healthy Eating Research program.
Birch was married to Karl Newell and had two children, Charlotte and Spencer.
She died on May 26, 2019, in Durham, North Carolina, at the age of 72.
Birch is credited with being a pioneer in the field of childhood eating behavior.
She conducted research on a number of subtopics within this area, including selective eating, parental influences on eating behaviors, and psychological aspects of obesity, from infancy through adolescence.
One line of Birch's research examined children's food-related neophobia, the fear or dislike of novel items.
She demonstrated that with repeated exposure, children can learn to like previously rejected foods, such as vegetables.
Birch co-led a project evaluating an intervention designed to teach first-time parents effective ways to respond to their infants' needs, aside from feeding.
At three years old, children in the intervention group had lower BMIs, compared to children in a control group, and a smaller proportion who could be categorized as overweight or obese.
This research was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Linkou Chang Gung Memorial Hospital
The Linkou Chang Gung Memorial Hospital (CMUH) () is a hospital located in Guishan District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.
Its address is No.
5, Fuxing Street.
The parent hospital network, Chang Gung Medical Foundation, has a combined total of 10,050 beds.
The Linkou Chang Gung Memorial Hospital offers nearly 4,000 beds and is among the largest hospitals in terms of available beds.
The hospital was founded in 1978 focusing on multiple medical specialities.
Chang Gung receives an average of 8.2 million annual outpatient visits with 2.4 million inpatient treatment and has an average of 167,460 annual surgical patients.
Chang Gung has completed over 1,000 successful liver transplants.
Chang Gung is known for its "craniofacial reconstructive surgery for cleft lips and palates and jaw deformity" and has trained 828 physicians as of 2018.
In 2014, Taiwan’s Ministry of Health and Welfare recorded approximately 2,700 physicians from around the world have trained at hospitals in Taiwan.
Linkou Chang Gung Memorial Hospital have shown that during cardiac arrest there is "a 60% chance to restart the heart at the hospital" with prior CPR and a 32% chance if no CPR is administered prior.
Immediate CPR may "double the chance of survival for children who experience out-of-hospital cardiac arrest".
The hospital has the Chang Gung Memorial Hospital metro station which assists in transport.
The station is currently one of the five express stations on the line.
Piedra Rodante
Piedra Rodante was a Mexican news and culture paper, purportedly the Mexican version of the Rolling Stone magazine with some licensed content from its American counterpart.
Known for being the country's first truly non-political alternative newspaper, it was founded in 1970 by Jungian psychologist Manuel Aceves (1940-2009), the "Piedra" began as a platform for all the jipitecas and sympathizers of La Onda movement all over the Americas as well as in Spain, openly discussing about taboo issues for Mexican society of the time such as the "Halconazo", drug use and legalization, sex, WLM, religion, abortion as well as in-depth articles about literature, rock and contemporary classical music.
With a total of 9 issues published and one unreleased from late 1970 to early 1972, the magazine was forced to close down following the Echeverria's systematic crackdown of La Onda after the Avandaro Festival.
The "Piedra" hosted a variety of Avant-Garde and La Onda writers and intellectuals, such as Alejandro Jodorowsky, Enrique Marroquin, Jose Agustin, Parmenides Garcia, Juan Tovar among others.
The "chanchomona" was a rolling machine.
According to Aceves, its publicity on the magazine proved enough for journalist Blanco Moheno to persuade the then-secretary of Education Bravo Ahuja to pressure Moya Palencia and Echeverria to shut down the magazine.
Although some personalities from the left and the right were highly critical -but somehow tolerant- of the magazine such as Zabludovsky and Monsivais, the most reactionary of them all was Blanco Moheno, who even called for Aceves to be executed.
During the Avandaro festival and in front of Cablevision cameras of the Alfredo Gurrola team as well as dozens of photographers -among them Graciela Iturbide-, a woman performed a striptease.
The woman came to be known as "La Encuerada de Avandaro" (Avandaro's naked woman).
Elena Poniatowska interviewed her and a fragment of that interview was published in Octavio Paz' "PLURAL" magazine in October 1971; however, since Poniatowska did not reveal much about her, her story became the subject of many speculations -such as the bogus Casos de Alarma story about her life- and her image appeared in different media, including one pop music magazine which sold 100,000 units.
Piedra Rodante then published an in-depth interview with her.
Intellectuals such as Jose Agustin and Carlos Monsivais used that interview as reference for some of their essays.
In 2001, Oscar Sarquiz, -one of the collaborators of the magazine- revealed via La Jornada that the interview was fabricated and accused Manuel Aceves of the fabrication, something Aceves denied; however, Rubli Kaiser, an Avandaro attendee and an independent researcher, conducted a thorough investigation visiting the Archivo General de la Nacion, where he found the true identity of the woman.
On June 27, 2016, the Stony Brook University posted via Facebook that all issues were completely (save from the extremely hard-to-find issue "zero") digitalized.
The collection was kindly donated by Mexican rock historian Dr. Eric Zolov.
Börje Holmgren
Börje Holmgren (August 23, 1909 - 1990) was a Swedish curler.
He was a and a 1965 Swedish men's curling champion.
Madjid Djemai
Madjid Djemai (born on 1 September 1983) is an Algerian middle distance runner.
Djemai began training in track and field in 1999 and eventually qualified for the Algerian Paralympic Team.
At the 2011 Pan Arab Games, Djemai earned a gold medal and later competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Djemai competed in the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships Men's 800 metres where he placed eighth.
He later competed in the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships where he finished fifth in the 800m race.
In 2016, Djemai won a bronze medal in men's 1500 metres T37 at the 2016 Summer Paralympics with a time of 4:17.28.
The next year, he was selected to compete for Algeria at the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships, where he won a bronze medal in the men’s 1500m.
In 2019, Djemai competed for Algeria at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships in the 800m T38, finishing 10th.
Gangubai Kathiawadi
Gangubai Kathiawadi is an upcoming Indian biographical crime film written, directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and produced by Bhansali and Jayantilal Gada under their respective banners Bhansali Productions and Pen India Limited.
The film stars Alia Bhatt in the title role, and is based on a chapter of Hussain Zaidi's book "Mafia Queens of Mumbai" about Gangubai Kothewali, the madam of a brothel in Kamathipura.
Principal photography started on 27 December 2019 in Mumbai.
The film is scheduled for theatrical release on 11 September 2020.
The film is based on the life of Gangubai Kathiawadi, a young girl sold into prostitution by her boyfriend Ramnik Lal, Later she becomes the madam of a brothel in Kamathipura.
Chaim Malinowitz
Chaim Zev Malinowitz (1952 – November 21, 2019) was a Haredi community rabbi, dayan (rabbinical court judge), and Talmudic scholar.
Fluent in all areas of the Talmud, halakha (Jewish law), and hashkafa (Orthodox Jewish worldview), he was the general editor of the 73-volume Schottenstein Edition of the Babylonian Talmud published by ArtScroll.
After making "aliyah" to Israel, he became the Rav of Beis Tefillah Yonah Avraham, an English-speaking congregation for Anglo "olim" in Ramat Beit Shemesh, which he led for 17 years.
Chaim Zev Malinowitz was born in 1952 on the Lower East Side of New York City.
His father, Rabbi Avrohom Aharon Malinowitz, had been a student of Aharon Kotler in Kletsk, Poland (now Belarus).
Malinowitz was a gifted student at Rabbi Jacob Joseph School.
After his bar mitzvah, he was accepted to the Talmudical Yeshiva of Philadelphia where, albeit younger than the other students, he skipped two grades and was accepted to the beth midrash (undergraduate-level) program under Rabbi Mendel Kaplan.
His desire to have more time for study led him to begin awakening at 4 a.m. and praying "vasikin", the pre-dawn prayer, a practice he maintained for the rest of his life.
He next studied at Yeshivas Iyun HaTalmud in Monsey, New York, under Rabbi Abba Berman, a main disciple of Rabbi Yerucham Levovitz.
He remained at this yeshivah for six years, until his marriage in 1976, whereupon he entered the kollel.
In 1980, he was appointed by Berman to take over as rosh kollel when Berman made aliyah to Israel.
In the early 1970s, Malinowitz also studied the Tanya in a late-night "shiur" given by Chabad rabbi Yoel Kahn.
After receiving rabbinic ordination from Rabbi Moshe Feinstein, Malinowitz served as a dayan (rabbinical court judge) for the rabbinical court of Kollel HaRabbanim in Monsey.
In this role, he became known as a "world authority on "gittin"" (Jewish divorce) and also dealt with cases of "agunos".
He staunchly opposed the 1992 New York Get Law proposed by Jewish activist groups, which would penalize husbands who refused to grant their wives a "get" by making it difficult for them to arrange a civil divorce.
Malinowitz contended that the coercive element of the penalty could halakhically invalidate all divorces in New York.
Ultimately, Rabbi Shlomo Zalman Auerbach's decision on the matter, which agreed with Malinowitz's position, eroded support for the law.
In 1992 Malinowitz was appointed, along with Rabbi Yisrael Simcha Schorr, as general editor of the Schottenstein Edition of the Babylonian Talmud published by ArtScroll.
The English-language Schottenstein Talmud spanned 73 volumes and was completed over a period of 15 years.
Malinowitz was responsible for approving "every single line and every single footnote" of the translation and commentary of the Talmud submitted by the editorial staff for both the English and Hebrew editions.
According to a senior editor on the project, Rabbi Eliezer Herzka: "His role was to learn through the "sugya" [topic] with the ArtScroll commentary to probe it to find its weak points".
Herzka explained that Malinowitz's knowledge of the Talmud was so broad that he would know when the present "sugya" inadequately covered important opinions by the classic Talmudic commentators that were cited in similar "sugyas" elsewhere in Talmud.
Nothing was considered final until Malinowitz approved the finished draft.
Malinowitz also worked on ArtScroll's elucidated Mishnah project.
He continued his association with ArtScroll after making aliyah in 1997.
Upon moving to Israel, Malinowitz began to teach at Yeshivat Aish HaTorah.
In 2002, he was hired as Rav of Beis Tefillah Yonah Avraham in Ramat Beit Shemesh, an English-speaking congregation catering to Anglo "olim".
As a community rav, Malinowitz introduced many "shiurim" to the synagogue schedule, including classes on different subjects and at different levels for men, women, and children.
He also studied one-on-one with many congregants.
Malinowitz was fluent in all areas of the Talmud, halakha (Jewish law), and hashkafa (Orthodox Jewish worldview).
He combined this knowledge with "fearlessness" to act on his convictions and a strong desire for truth.
At the same time, he was regarded as a friendly, "down to earth" personality who cared for others.
Malinowitz married Simi Maza, daughter of Rabbi Dovber Maza, a Torah educator, in 1976.
The couple had six sons and four daughters.
After making aliyah, they resided in Jerusalem.
Malinowitz died in Jerusalem on November 21, 2019 at the age of 67.
He was buried in the Rechovot cemetery near his parents.
Xiang Libin
Xiang Libin (; born March 1967) is a Chinese research professor at the Institute of Optoelectronics, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).
He has served as a vice-president of the CAS since 2016.
He is a member of the Chinese Society for Optical Engineering (CSOE) and Chinese Optical Society (COS), and an academician of the CAS.
Xiang was born in Xi'an, Shaanxi, China in March 1967, while his ancestral home in Wanrong County, Shanxi.
He earned his bachelor's degree from the University of Science and Technology of China in July 1990, and doctor's degree from the Xi'an Institute of Optics and Precision Mechanice, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) in June 1995.
Then he was a postdoctoral fellow at Northwest University.
In February 1998 he was assigned to the Xi'an Institute of Optics and Precision Mechanice, Chinese Academy of Sciences, serving until February 2005.
From March 2005 to September 2006 he successively served as deputy director and director of the Bureau of High Technology Research and Development, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
In September 2006 he was promoted to become dean of Xi'an Branch of Chinese Academy of Sciences, and held that office until June 2008.
He became president of Institute of Optoelectronics, Chinese Academy of Sciences in July 2008, and served until October 2013.
He was director of Innovation Academy for Microsatellites, Chinese Academy of Sciences in September 2009, serving until May 2016.
In 2015, he was appointed general director of Beidou Navigation Satellite System (BDS).
In April 2016 he was named vice-president of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).
He was a delegate to the 11th and 12th National People's Congress.
In October 2017 he became a delegate to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
1947 Lane Dragons football team
The 1947 Lane Dragons football team, also sometimes known as the "Red Dragons", was an American football team that represented Lane College in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) during the 1947 college football season.
In their 11th season under head coach Edward "Ox" Clemons, the Dragons compiled a 6–5 record, lost to Bethune–Cookman in the Flower Bowl, and outscored all opponents by a total of 194 to 87.
The team was ranked No.
18 among the nation's black college football teams according to the "Pittsburgh Courier" and its Dickinson Rating System.
The team played its home games at Lane College Athletic Field and Rothrock Field, both located in Jackson, Tennessee.
Key players included Wild Bill Battles at quarterback, team captain Alex Moore at tackle, Country Reeves at center, and William Green at fullback.
2020 Kimanis by-election
The 2020 Kimanis by-election is a by-election held on 18 January 2020 for the Dewan Rakyat seat of Kimanis.
The seat was declared vacant after the Federal Court on 2 December 2019 upheld the Election Court's ruling earlier on 16 August, nullifying the sitting Member of Parliament (MP), Anifah Aman's victory in the 2018 general election (GE14).
Anifah was the former Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2009 to 2018 and formerly a member of United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) part of the Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition until he left to become an independent, despite the fact that he had been a 4-term MP for Kimanis since 2004 and had just retained the seat under BN in the 2018 election a few months prior.
The Election Commission (EC) had set the nomination day on 4 January, early voting on 14 January and polling day for 18 January 2020 with a 14-day campaign period.
The electoral roll in the parliamentary constituency to be used would be the one up to the third quarter of 2019 which was last updated on 9 December 2019 with a total of 29,664 voters made up of 52,698 ordinary voters, 9 early voters while 1 absentee voters (who are abroad).
Kimanis which consists of the Bongawan and Membakut state seats, has about 68% Muslim-bumiputras voters of mainly Bruneian Malay, Bisaya and Bajau communities, some 25% non-Muslim bumiputras voters of mainly ethnic Kadazan-Dusun and Murut, while the remaining 7% were Chinese and others.
On 11 December 2019, Sabah Pakatan Harapan (PH) Chairman and Deputy Chief Minister Christina Liew said that PH confirmed that they will pave a way to field a candidate from the Sabah Heritage Party (WARISAN) and support the candidate.
Previously, the Malaysian United Indigenous Party (BERSATU) had offered to contest the by-election but decided to support the WARISAN candidate instead.
Karim Bujang, the WARISAN candidate for Kimanis in GE14 who had lost and filed the election petition, was once again nominated as WARISAN's candidate for the by-election.
Sabah UMNO chief, Bung Mokhtar Radin confirmed that BN will contest the by-election by fielding a candidate from UMNO.
BN decided to field UMNO Kimanis division chief and former Bongawan assemblyman, Mohamad Alamin as their candidate for the by-election.
The Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) has announced its support for the BN candidate in the by-election.
PAS secretary-general, Takiyuddin Hassan, said that the party will mobilise it's election campaign machinery to support the BN candidate.
Anifah Aman, the incumbent prior to the disqualification, denied that he will contest the seat again.
Anifah also said that he will return in the 15th General Election instead.
Anifah has since declared his support for the BN candidate in the by-election.
The Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), Homeland Solidarity Party (STAR), United Sabah National Organisation (USNO Baru), Sabah Progressive Party (SAPP) and the Sabah United Party (PBS) have declined to contest the by-election, paving the way for a possible straight fight between BN and Warisan.
On Nomination Day, BN's Mohamad Alamin and WARISAN's Karim Bujang filed their nomination papers, setting the stage for a two-cornered fight for the parliamentary seat.
The main issues in the by-election are not national matters but local issues such as the Sabah Temporary Pass or "Pas Sementara Sabah" (PSS) for Filipino refugees immigrants, bread-and-butter and job opportunities issues.
Two Kinds of Love (film)
Two Kinds of Love is a 1920 American silent Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason and starring George A. McDaniel, Ted Brooks, Jimsy Maye, B. Reeves Eason Jr., and B. Reeves Eason.
The film was released by Universal Film Manufacturing Company in December 1920.
The film is now considered lost.
Thiruvananthapuram District Football Association (TDFA)
Thiruvananthapuram District Football Association (TDFA) is the organisation responsible for association football in and around the Indian city of Thiruvananthapuram.
It is affiliated to the State Association, the Kerala Football Association, which in turn is affiliated with the All India Football Federation(AIFF).
The Thiruvananthapuram District Football Association (TDFA), one of the oldest is the official District body for development, conduct and organization of football in the city of Thiruvananthapuram and its suburbs.
The TDFA organises Thiruvananthapuram Football League with 8 divisions, containing approximately 53 club sides with 213 matches.
1.
^ "Kerala's Thiruvananthapuram to become a global football hub"
2.
^ "Trivandrum Super Division 2019"
https://keralafa.com/district-authorities/
Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine
The Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine is a hospital network headquartered in the region of Beijing, China.
The hospital network has approximately 2,500 beds and has three institute and centers, the Institute of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Zhao Bingnan's Medical Center of Dermatosis, Beijing International Training Center for Acupuncture as well as an additional 26 clinical departments.
The hospital network is listed as one of the largest hospital networks in the world in terms of available beds.
Its flagship location is the Capital Medical University Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine located on 23 Meishuguan Back St in Beijing.
The hospital network was founded in 1956 focusing on Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM).
The hospital uses TCM to treat diseases "of the spleen and stomach, cough, asthma, insomnia, diabetes, enuresis, chronic fatigue syndrome, facial paralysis, protrusion of lumbar intervertebral disc, sciatica, dysmenorrhea, acne, and fatty liver".
Beijing International Acupuncture Training Center, a subsidiary of Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, has been visited and studied by roughly 30,000 people from over 80 countries.
In 2017, president of the Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Liu Quanqing, warned against using "anti-smog" herbal teas to combat smog related illness stating it is ineffective and "may even cause additional health risks".
Liu warned that "anti-smog" tea contained "ingredients that are medicines and can't be used as food, which may cause health problems if taken for a long time".
He also "suggested remedies for cleaning the lungs, such as eating kelp, radish or wood-ear fungus" were not genuine.
A joint venture involving Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine set up Ming Yi Guan, the first "treatment facility outside China".
Indori fort
Indori fort also known as Induri Fort ()is one of the many Land forts of Maharashtra state in India.
Situated close to the hill station Lonavala and north of Pune, Indori fort rises to an elevation of above sea level.
The fort is located on the banks of Indrayani river.
The fort was under the Maratha empire for the majority of the time.
Indori fort was built by Sarsenapati Khandojirao Yesajirao Dabhade in the year 1720-21.
The fort also has a mint building inside the fort which is in a dilapidated state.
Lohagad fort can be accessed by various modes of travel.
The nearest railway station is the Vadgaon which can be accessed by suburban trains between Lonavala and Pune.
The nearest major train station is Lonavala, on the Mumbai-Pune railway line.
Indori is connected by the Mumbai-Pune Highway and can also be accessed from Vadgaon town.
The fort is close to the village Indori.
The entrance gate is in good condition.
The fort has 9 bastions which are well connected by fortification wall.
The walls of the fort are 30-40 feet high made of basalt rock with brick work at the top.
There is a temple of Kadjai inside the fort.
Athletics at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games
The athletics at the 1983 Southeast Asian Games was held at the National Stadium, Singapore.
Alex F. Torrance
Alex F. "Wee Alex" Torrance is a Scottish curler and coach.
He is a and four-time Scottisn men's champion.
In 1986–1987 he was president of the Royal Caledonian Curling Club (Scottish Curling Association).
Hope Mwanake
Hope Wakio Mwanake (born 1988/1989) is a Kenyan entrepreneur and scientist.
She is regarded as one of the emerging young entrepreneurs from Africa.
In December 2019, she made headlines for her efforts in building houses with abondoned plastic bottles to eradicate plastic pollution in Kenya.
Hope was born and raised up in a family near Mombasa.
She was the first in her family to attend university to pursue her higher studies.
She completed her Bachelor's degree in Aquatic sciences from the Egerton University in 2010.
In 2013, she graduated in Environmental sciences from the UNESCO-IHE which is situated in Netherlands.
She initially pursued her career as a social entrepreneur before becoming a scientist.
She is the co-founder of Trace Kenya, a community based organisation which works jointly with youngsters in addressing issues related to solid waste management.
Trace Kenya was established in the Central town of Kenya in Gilgil to manage and maintain waste disposals.
She also delivered vision speech at the 2015 World Water Week in Stockholm, Sweden.
In 2016, she co-founded manufacturing company Eco Blocks and Tiles along with fellow scientist Kevin Mureithi.
It also became the first company in Kenya to manufacture roof tiles and other construction materials from plastic and glass waste.
Denys Halata
Denys Halata (; born 4 September 2000) is a Ukrainian football forward who plays for Vorskla Poltava.
Halata is a product of Kremin Kremenchuk youth sportive system.
He continued his youth career in the Vorskla Poltava.
In 2019 he was promoted to the main squad to play in the Ukrainian Premier League for Vorskla.
Halata made his debut in the Ukrainian Premier League for FC Vorskla as a substituted on 15 December 2019, playing in a winning match against FC Karpaty Lviv.
Shek O Peak
Shek O Peak () is a hill in southern Hong Kong.
It is the tallest hill along the Dragon's Back trail.
Shek O Peak is 284m in height.
To the south lies another hill called D'Aguilar Peak.
Section 8 of the Hong Kong Trail runs through the top ridge of Shek O Peak.
It is possible to access the summit of Shek O Peak after hiking for about 30 minutes from the To Tei Wan bus stop on Shek O Road.
Giant betta
The giant betta ("Betta anabantoides") is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the subfamily Macropodusinae, part of the gourami family.
It is endemic to southern Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of Borneo.
It is found in a variety of freshwater habitats and is a paternal mouthbrooder.
Binyomin Jacobs
Binyomin Jacobs (Amsterdam, 1949) is a dutch rabbi who lives in Amersfoort, in the Netherlands.
At the end of 2008 he was appointed Chief Rabbi of the Netherlands, this appointment includes all the municipalities of the Netherlands, except the cities of Amsterdam, Rotterdam and The Hague.
Rabbi Binyomin Jacobs is a descendant of an old Dutch Jewish family.
His parents were of ashkenazi jewish descent, his two parents were survivors of the Shoah and World War II.
After completing his secondary education, Jacobs studied at the yeshiva (talmudic academy) of Brunoy in France.
Jacobs obtained his semicha (rabbinical ordination) from Rabbi Isser Yehuda Unterman, the Chief Rabbi of Eretz Israel, the highest rabbinical authority in jewish law (Halacha), and Rabbi Zalman Nehemia Goldberg, a prominent rabbi in Israel.
Jacobs is the Chief Rabbi of the Netherlands, the president of the rabbinical school of the Netherlands, and the rabbi of the Sinai Center located in Amstelveen, the only jewish psychiatric center in Europe, with more than 3,000 patients.
When on March 17, 2019, the victims of the terrorist and islamophobic attacks against two mosques located in Christchurch, New Zealand, were commemorated at the Dam Square in Amsterdam, Jacobs was one of the speakers, when he spoke, a small group of pro-palestinian protesters turned their backs on him.
Jacobs fully identifies with the zionist state of Israel.
Jacobs cooperates with the pro-israeli organization "Christians for Israel International".
The Chief Rabbi is a member of the Chabad-Lubavitch chassidim.
They are known for their openess to the non-religious jewish community.
Jacobs is vice president of the local cheder, a traditional jewish school located in Amsterdam.
An abuse case took place at this school in 2012, which in 2018 resulted in the conviction of a teacher involved in the events.
When the case broke out, the municipalities of Rotterdam and The Hague supported Jacobs, as well as the supreme rabbinate.
Since then, relations with the rabbinate have improved due to several changes in municipal management.
After May 4, 2019, the chief rabbi advocated the appointment of a national coordinator against antisemitism.
Jacobs has been able to build an extensive network of friendship and cooperation with several churches, especially with the christian community: Orthodox, protestant and roman catholic alike.
Jacobs has participated in the organization of many exhibitions about Judaism On April 27, 2012, the Chief Rabbi Jacobs was appointed officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau.
Julia Fox (actress)
Julia Fox (born ) is an Italian-American artist and actress.
She is best known for her debut performance in the 2019 Safdie brothers film "Uncut Gems", for which she was nominated for the Breakthrough Actor Award at the 2019 Gotham Awards.
Fox was born in Milan, Italy to an Italian mother and an American father.
Fox spent her early years living with her grandfather.
At the age of six, she moved to New York City with her father and lived in Yorkville, Manhattan.
She worked several service jobs, including at a shoe store, an ice cream shop, and a pastry shop.
Fox attended City-As-School High School and worked as a dominatrix for six months.
Prior to her role in "Uncut Gems", Fox was a clothing designer and launched a successful women's knitwear line, Franziska Fox, with her friend Briana Andalore.
She also worked as a model, posing for "Playboy" in 2015, and as an exhibiting painter and photographer.
She self-published two books of photography, "Symptomatic of a Relationship Gone Sour: Heartburn/Nausea", published in 2015, and "PTSD", published in 2016.
In 2017, Fox hosted an art exhibit titled "R.I.P.
Julia Fox'", which featured silk canvases painted with her own blood.
Fox married Peter Artemiev, a private pilot based out of Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, in November 2018.
Fox made her feature film debut in the 2019 Safdie brothers film "Uncut Gems", playing a showroom saleswoman and mistress of the film's protagonist Howard Ratner (played by Adam Sandler), an erratic jewelry dealer and gambling addict.
Fox had known the Safdie brothers for almost a decade, having first met Josh Safdie through a chance encounter at a cafe in SoHo, Manhattan.
Fox also wrote and directed "Fantasy Girls", a short film about a group of teenage girls involved in sex work living in Reno, Nevada.
Julia Fox
Julia Fox may refer to:
Alfred Ortlieb
Alfred Ortlieb was a French cinematographer who worked in the American film industry during the 1910s and 1920s.
Alfred was born in Ivry-sur-Seine, France, to Adolphe Ortlieb.
After being educated in Paris, he began his career as a salesman before working as a cinematographer at Gaumont, Selig, and Metro.
He often collaborated with director René Plaissetty, and supposedly shot all of Plaissetty's early films.
Stephen Emmanuel
Stephen Emmanuel is a UK garage/dance music producer and songwriter, best known for the hits "What U Do" and "Coochy Coo", both of which feature singer Eska.
Emmanuel, credited as 'Colours', released the 1998 single "What U Do" featuring British singer Eska, which reached No.
51 on the UK Singles Chart and No.
1 on the UK Dance Chart.
In 2000, the single "Coochy Coo", also featuring Eska, peaked at No.
32 on the UK Singles Chart and No.
17 on the UK Dance Chart.
The SE22 Mix of Emmanuel's 1998 garage track "Hold On" was sampled by Craig David and Tinchy Stryder in 2008 on the song "Where's Your Love", as well as on the 10° Below Dub Mix of Kele Le Roc's "My Love".
Capital XTRA included "Hold On (SE22 Mix)" in their list of "The Best Old-School Garage Anthems of All Time".
It was also included in "NME"'s "25 essential UK garage anthems" list in September 2019.
Why the track is on the list, Fred Garratt-Stanley wrote: "Rising strings, mashed-up keyboard sequences and irresistibly tempting background claps make for an enticing introduction to this classic, before June Hamm's vocals rise above the noise to ask 'Where is your love?'.
It's a question no garage fan should need to be asked twice of this track."
As a producer/songwriter, Emmanuel has written and/or produced songs for other artists such as Daniel Bedingfield ("I Can't Read You", UK No.
6), Another Level, S Club 7, S.O.A.P., and Precious.
Takai (surname)
Takai (written: ) is a Japanese surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Complex Lie algebra
In mathematics, a complex Lie algebra is a Lie algebra over the complex numbers.
Given a complex Lie algebra formula_1, its conjugate formula_2 is a complex Lie algebra with the same underlying real vector space but with formula_3 acting as formula_4 instead.
As a real Lie algebra, a complex Lie algebra formula_1 is trivially isomorphic to its conjugate.
A complex Lie algebra is isomorphic to its conjugate if and only if it admits a real form (and is said to be defined over the real numbers).
Given a complex Lie algebra formula_1, a real Lie algebra formula_7 is said to be a real form of formula_1 if the complexification formula_9 is isomorphic to formula_1.
A real form formula_7 is abelian (resp.
nilpotent, solvable, semisimple) if and only if formula_1 is abelian (resp.
nilpotent, solvable, semisimple).
On the other hand, a real form formula_7 is simple if and only if either formula_1 is simple or formula_1 is of the form formula_16 where formula_17 are simple and are the conjugates of each other.
The existence of a real form in a complex Lie algebra formula_18 implies that formula_18 is isomorphic to its conjugate; indeed, if formula_20, then let formula_21 denote the formula_22-linear isomorphism induced by complex conjugate and then
which is to say formula_24 is in fact a formula_25-linear isomorphism.
Conversely, suppose there is a formula_25-linear isomorphism formula_27; without loss of generality, we can assume it is the identity function on the underlying real vector space.
Then define formula_28, which is clearly a real Lie algebra.
Each element formula_29 in formula_1 can be written uniquely as formula_31.
Here, formula_32 and similarly formula_24 fixes formula_34.
Hence, formula_35; i.e., formula_7 is a real form.
Let formula_1 be a semisimple complex Lie algebra that is the Lie algebra of a complex Lie group formula_38.
Let formula_39 be a Cartan subalgebra of formula_1 and formula_41 the Lie subgroup corresponding to formula_39; the conjugates of formula_41 are called Cartan subgroups.
Suppose there is the decomposition formula_44 given by a choice of positive roots.
Then the exponential map defines an isomorphism from formula_45 to a closed subgroup formula_46.
The Lie subgroup formula_47 corresponding to the Borel subalgebra formula_48 is closed and is the semidirect product of formula_41 and formula_50; the conjugates of formula_51 are called Borel subgroups.
Dricus du Plessis
Dricus Du Plessis (born 14 January 1994) is a South African professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of EFC Africa, where he is the current Middleweight Champion.
A professional since 2013, he has also fought for Polish-based promotion KSW.
In addition to being a two-time Middleweight and former Welterweight EFC Champion, he is also a former KSW Welterweight Champion.
Du Plessis made his professional debut in 2013, amassing an undefeated 4-0 record before facing future UFC veteran and then-EFC Middleweight Champion Garreth McLellan at EFC Africa 33, losing via guillotine choke submission in the third round.
In June of 2015, Du Plessis made his Welterweight debut at EFC Africa 40 against Dino Bagattin, winning via a second-round rear-naked choke submission.
After going 3-0 in 2015, Du Plessis faced veteran striker Martin Van Staden at EFC 50 for the vacant EFC Welterweight Championship.
Du Plessis won via guillotine choke submission in the third round.
Du Plessis was later set to defend his title against one of it's former holders, Henry Fadipe.
However, the bout was scrapped when Fadipe encountered issues with his visa.
Du Plessis returned to EFC in 2017, defeating Brazilian Mauricio Da Rocha Jr. in a Welterweight contest before facing Yannick Bahati at EFC Africa 62 for the Middleweight Championship.
Du Plessis won guillotine choke at 1:30 of the first round, becoming a two-weight class Champion within the promotion.
In 2018, Du Plessis was slated to face KSW Welterweight Champion Roberto Soldić for the KSW title at KSW 43 on April 14.
In an upset, Du Plessis dethroned Soldic via TKO, after dropping him with a left hook.
The two would later rematch at KSW 45: Return to Wembley in the fall of that year, with Du Plessis being defeated via third-round knockout.
Du Plessis fought again for KSW at KSW 50: London against Brazilian-German fighter Joilton Santos, winning via TKO.
After Brendan Lesar upset veteran Garreth McLellan for the EFC Interim Middleweight Championship at EFC Africa 80, Du Plessis was next set to face Lesar for the title at EFC Africa 83.
Du Plessis won via first-round guillotine choke submission.
Laila Aziz
Laila Aziz (; born 1 May 1981) is a Los Angeles-based Dutch-Moroccan fashion designer.
She is a creative designer at ‘Kayat’, a fashion brand that designs modern-day outfits for women.
Laila Aziz was born and raised in the Netherlands to a Moroccan family.
She had a passion for fashion and sketched outfits while growing up.
In her younger years, her mother was against the idea of her studying fashion.
Instead, both of her parents wanted her to focus on her education and pursue a career in law as they thought fashion would not provide a stable future.
She pursued her degree in law and then married Nadir Khayat, a Moroccan record producer, singer and songwriter, popularly known by his stage name: RedOne.
After their marriage, the couple moved to New York, where Laila took a one year course in fashion and started working as a stylist.
Aziz resides in Morocco and the United States with her husband.
Her first collection was successful, despite criticism from the fashion industry as too "Arabic" for the American market.
The inspiration behind her designs have been the places she has visited.
Aziz has a special connection with the United Arab Emirates, as she believes that the country has an amazing multiculturalism, which is reflected in her work.
Her fashion collection was featured in "Vogue"'s 2018 "Autumn/Winter Ready-To-Wear" collection.
Kayat's Summer-Spring collection were included in 2020 Arab Fashion Week.
Laila married Nadir Khayat, who is popularly known as RedOne, in 2009.
Kim Schoen
Kim Schoen is a photographer and artist from Los Angeles.
She received her Masters in Philosophy in Photography at the Royal College of Art, London (2006–2007) and an MFA in Photography from the California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California.
She is the co-founder and editor of MATERIAL Press.
Her work has been displayed at Kunstverein Springhornhof in Neuenkirchen, Germany; Madison Museum of Contemporary Art in Wisconsin; Focal Point Gallery UK; Maraya Art Centre in Sharjah UAE; LAXART in Los Angeles; the MOT International Projects in London and more.
Schoen has lectured about photography and visual interpretation at Otis College of Art & Design, Goldsmiths, CCA, The Royal College of Art and The School of Visual Arts.
Shoen lives and works in Los Angeles, California and Berlin, Germany.
2007 Artist Residency at the Cité internationale des arts, Paris
2007 Selected for the Artist pension Trust in Los Angeles
2007 Winner of the RCA Society Thames & Hudson Art Book Prize
2012 CCI/ARC Grant Recipient
List of accolades received by 1917 (2019 film)
"1917" is a 2019 epic war film directed, co-written and produced by Sam Mendes.
The film stars George MacKay, Dean-Charles Chapman, Mark Strong, Andrew Scott, Richard Madden, Claire Duburcq, Colin Firth, and Benedict Cumberbatch.
Based in part on an account told to Mendes by his paternal grandfather, Alfred Mendes, it chronicles the story of two young British soldiers in the spring of 1917 during World War I, who are given a mission to deliver a message warning of an ambush, soon after the German retreat to the Hindenburg Line during Operation Alberich.
"1917" premiered in the UK on 4 December 2019.
It was theatrically released in the United States on 25 December 2019 by Universal Pictures, and in the United Kingdom on 10 January 2020, by eOne.
It received positive reviews from critics, with praise for Mendes's direction, the musical score, sound effects, cinematography and realism.
At the 77th Golden Globe Awards the film won for Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Director, while at the 73rd British Academy Film Awards it received nine nominations, including Best Film.
At the 25th Critics' Choice Awards the film won for Best Director, Best Cinematography and Best Film Editing, and at the 92nd Academy Awards, the film received ten nominations, including Best Picture and Best Director.
It was also selected by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute as one of the top 10 films of the year.
Finkenberg's Sons Furniture
Finkenberg’s Sons Furniture was a New York City-based luxury-furniture department store chain that operated from 1870 to 1948.
Finkenberg’s Sons Furniture Inc. was a furniture department store chain founded in Manhattan in 1870, and by 1940, the company expanded across New York City, becoming one of the largest furniture retail chains in the New York metropolitan area.
After Adolph Finkenberg’s death in 1914, the firm was managed by his four eldest sons: Edward, Sam, Frederick, and Israel.
In 1919, access to the corporate headquarters, located on 2279 Third Avenue, was impeded by the closure of the ferry line between Yorkville, Manhattan and Queens.
As a result, the company’s President, Frederick Finkenberg, was appointed to the board of the Triborough Bridge and tasked with creating an additional gateway into Manhattan.
A decade later, as the Triborough Bridge’s Reception Committee Chairman, Finkenberg assisted in the organization of the bridge’s dedication ceremony, attended by President Franklin D. Roosevelt, Mayor Fiorello La Guardia, and Governor Herbert Lehman.
Finkenberg’s Sons opened its flagship store in 1927, which encompassed a five-story building that expanded the entire block across from Bloomingdale's.
It was at this location that the first Jumbo Philco, billed as the world's largest radio, was on display for public viewing.
Finkenberg’s Sons Furniture continued to thrive despite the Great Depression.
In 1938, the company opened a store across the Hudson River, and a year later, an expansive outlet was added to the chain's mantel, located on 36th Street and Eighth Avenue.
Finkenberg’s Sons introduced a novel layaway plan to the United States and was known for its motto: “Friendly credit since 1870.” During a 1941 broadcast on Philco Playhouse Network, Finkenberg’s Sons Inc. was recognized for its innovative financing.
In 1948, Finkenberg’s Sons was sold and renamed Finkenberg’s Furniture Co, and the furniture chain's midtown location, between 58th and 59th Streets and Lexington and Third Avenues, was transformed into Alexander's Department Store.
Adolph Finkenberg was a founding member of New York City’s Temple Israel, contributed to helping orphans, and sheltered African Americans during New York City's race riots in the early 1900s.
His legacy is that of an entrepreneur and a passionate advocate for the marginalized.
Adolph Finkenberg; his wife, Emma; along with his eight children; and their spouses rest in the family’s mausoleum located in Mount Hope Cemetery in New York.
Pak Tai To Yan
Pak Tai To Yan () is a mountain that lies in northern Hong Kong near Fanling.
It is close to a similarly named peak called Tai To Yan.
Pak Tai To Yan is 480 metres tall.
On the northern foot of this mountain, the largest cemetery in Hong Kong, Wo Hop Shek Public Cemetery, is built.
Pak Tai To Yan is in the Lam Tsuen Country Park in northern Hong Kong.
It is hiked as part of the Razors Edge Ridge Hike which brings hikers to both Pak Tai To Yan and nearby Tai To Yan.
Hikers can start their hike near Kadoorie Farm and finish a few hours later at Fan Ling MTR Station.
Achilixiidae
The Achilixiidae are a family of Fulgoromorpha (planthoppers); species may be found in the neotropical and Asian regions.
Two genera, each in its own subfamily, are known:
Auth.
: Muir, 1923 - Malesia
Auth.
: Emeljanov, 1991 - neotropical region
Yanase (surname)
Yanase (written: , or in hiragana) is a Japanese surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Miftahetdin Akmulla
Miftahetdin Akmulla (, , ; real name is " 'Miftakhetdin Kamaletdinovich Kamaletdinov' " (, )); , Tukhanbay, Belebeyevsky district of the Orenburg province - , Syrostan, Troitsk district of the Orenburg province - Bashkir, Kazakh and Tatar, poet, philosopher.
Born 14 December 1831 in the village of Tuhanbay, Kulil-Minsk volost Belebeyovskiy uyezd Orenburg province (currently the Miyakinsky district of the Republic of Bashkortostan).
According to the census documents of the 19th century, the father is Kamaletdin Iskuzhin (born in 1805), the designated imam, and his mother is Bibiummugulsum Salimyanova (born in 1809), both are Bashkirs - the heirs of the Kulil-Minsky volost Belebeyevsky uyezd] (from the Bashkir clan Meng).
According to Kazakh researchers, the father of Akmulla is Kazakh Muhammedyar.
Riza Fakhretdin writes that the father of Akmulla was a Bashkir, and his mother was from “Kazan citizens” (one of the names of the Tatars)».
The future poet received primary education in his native village, studied in madrasah of the neighboring villages of Menouztamak and Anyasovo.
In the mid-1850s he was a shakird of a madrassah (school) in the village of Sterlibashevo, where he received lessons from the famous Sufi poet Shamsetdin Zeki.
Subsequently, Akmulla lived and worked in different places.
He taught children, was engaged in various crafts, in particular, worked as a carpenter, and also became known as a talented poet-improviser.
Friendship with a Muslim religious figure Zaynulla Rasulev played a large role in his formation as a philosopher.
Unable to live in one place, at 25 he went to travel.
In 1859 Miftakhetdin still lived in his father’s family at the age of 28 .
Then Akmulla traveled to the south of the historical Bashkortostan, and then to the Trans-Urals.
Miftahetdin Akmulla on his cart, in special compartments of which he kept books and manuscripts, carpentry and other tools, roamed the Bashkir villages of the upper reaches of the Ural River, the Agideli River, the Miass River Valley, and also in the steppes Kazakhstan, distributing among people humanistic ideas, including the views of Tatar enlighteners.
All year round he traveled from one village to another, on Sabantuy competed with famous sesens (poets) in the art of poetic improvisation, and also read his poems to the people (Turkic peoples are very fond of poetry).
According to the denunciation of the Kazakh Batuch Isyangildin was he convicted of evading military service in the imperial army and for four years (1867–1871) was in Trinity Prison.
Akmulla created many well-known works in prison: “My place is in prison” (" “Maekamym mineng - zindan” ") and others.
The reason for Miftahetdin’s imprisonment was, according to researchers, the fact that he was considered to be a Bashkir hiding from military service among Kazakhs.
Only the intercession of the rich Kazakh Mukhamedyar helped him to be released.
Among Kazakhs, Miftakhetdin was known as a sage and akyn (poet), was engaged in craft, taught children.
He participated in aitysh (poetry competitions), which were arranged among the Kazakhs.
Miftahetdin was twice married.
The first wife died in his native village, after which Akmulla left his native village.
The second wife of the poet was Safia daughter of Yuldybai from the village of Suleiman (Uchalinsky district of Bashkortostan).
The young woman suffered from a lack of her own housing, constant moving, and when they ended up in her native land, she ran away from her husband.
A Muslim court allowed a woman to leave her husband because he led the life of a wanderer.
Akmulla’s death was unexpected and tragic.
On the night of on the road from Troitsk to Zlatoust near the Miass Plant near the railway station Syrostan was killed.
Buried in a Muslim cemetery Miass.
According to Bashkir scholars, Akmulla created most of his works in Bashkir and Kazakh languages, as well as in the Türkic language, which served as a common language for the Türkic peoples.
According to researchers of Old Tatar literature, the language of most Akmullah's works is mixed Kazakh-Tatar, since it combines elements of both languages.
Before the October Revolution 1917, his books were published in Tatar, with frequent inclusion of individual Bashkir and Kazakh words and phrases, idiomatic expressions and comparisons, traditional images from Bashkir and Kazakh folklore.
Akmulla preached enlightening ideas, considered poetry as a means of direct communication with the people.
Akmulla wrote his poems for the most part in the classical form rubyi, but he also used other poetic forms.
Miftahetdin’s work was permeated by the humanistic ideas of that time, and included advanced trends in the social life of Russia.
In his work, he preached enlightening ideas, affirmed the human desire for progress.
He deserved recognition among the population, and also
had a strong influence on the development of literature on the development of literature of many Turkic-speaking peoples.
His pseudonym Akmulla means "bright, righteous teacher."
The views, ideals, philosophical ideas of Akmulla were born in the struggle against religious fanaticism and the manifestations of medieval scholasticism, against oppression of the people.
He saw the main way to make life easier for the common people in education, in mastering knowledge, in eradicating ignorance.
The central place in Akmulla's worldview was occupied by the question of the place of knowledge in the life of society.
He adhered to the positions idealism and in understanding the laws of social development, he believed that the social problems can be eliminated through education.
This is reflected, for example, in the poem "Edification."
For Akmulla, the central place in the system of his values was occupied by knowledge and upbringing, the inner purity of man, problems of moral and moral order.
Akmulla's creativity formed a whole poetic school.
His works influenced poetry Gabdulla Tukai, Mazhit Gafuri, Shaehzada Babich, Daut Yulti, Shafik Aminev-Tamyani, Sayfi Kudash and others.
Miftahetdin Akmulla is widely known not only in Bashkortostan and the Russian Federation, but also in the countries of the former USSR.
In 1892, the elegy “In Memory of Şihabetdin Märcani” was published in Kazan.
This small book was the first and last lifetime edition of the poet's works.
Not all of Akumulla’s creative heritage has been preserved.
In 1981, in connection with the anniversary of the poet, the Bashkir Book Publishing House published in Bashkir the one-volume works.
This book, which is the most complete in comparison with previous collections of Akmullah, includes more than three thousand lines.
However, many of the poet’s works are either not yet found, or possibly completely lost.
The reason for this was that Akmulla kept most of his works in memory.
Poems of the poet were distributed orally or in manuscript.
Who is enlightened and trained in craft,
He is glorious, proud, not boring in communication,
The source of wisdom is available to him,
A ignoramus is inseparable with humiliation.
Hammercloth
A hammercloth is a large decorative piece of fabric, often fringed and richly adorned with embroidery, gemstones, and cloth of gold, placed over and around the seat of the coachman of a traditional horse and carriage.
A hanmercloth might display a family crest or other emblems of the heritage of the passenger within the coach.
The origin of the word "hammercloth" is uncertain, and several etymologies have been given.
One is that a coachman used to carry his tools, including a hammer, with him underneath his seat to perform repairs to a carriage should it break down on the road.
Another is that the "hammer" portion is a corruption of the word "hamper", and meant to suggest that the cloth covered a hamper which might contain food for the passengers or coachman.
A third is that it is a corruption of "hammock", and that a "hammock-cloth" was a strip of fabric used instead of a wooden seat in days before carriages had springs for shock absorption.
On a carriage with no springs, a hammock provides a much more comfortable ride than a wooden slat, and so "hammock-cloth" may have been the original term.
Clinic Klagenfurt am Woerthersee
Clinic Klagenfurt am Woerthersee () formerly LKH Klagenfurt, is a maximum care teaching hospital located in the Carinthian capital, Klagenfurt in Austria.
With around 1,800 beds, roughly 62,000 inpatients per year and approximately 527,000 outpatient treatments, it is the third largest hospital in Austria.
The Klagenfurt am Wörthersee Clinic is certified in multiple medical specialities.
It offers the range of services of a university clinic with the exception of transplant surgery.
It has 25 clinical departments, five institutes and six clinical services.
Particular attention is paid to interdisciplinary cooperation.
For this purpose, all relevant disciplines can be found in one location.
Klagenfurt Hospital was opened on August 9, 1896.
State charities were newly built and opened at that time.
These included the state hospital in Klagenfurt, the insane asylum, the children's hospital, the state hospital, the deaf and dumb and blind institution, the men's blind home and the state sick house.
During World War II the hospital was used by the Nazis to murder 700 to 900 patients.
Antonie Pachner, the head nurse along with other nurses and the primary teacher of the men's department of the State Asylum Institute, Franz Niedermoser, administered lethal doses of sedatives to many patients.
Four death transports to the Hartheim killing center between 1940 and 1941 caused the deaths of 733 people, including 25 children.
In 2019, the new medical directors, Dietmar Alberer and Elke Schindler, were focused on the construction of a new psychiatric facility.
Asian Barometer Survey
The Asian Barometer Survey is a comparative survey of 18 Asian states and territories.
These include Japan, Mongolia, South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, China, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and Nepal.
It is organised by the Academia Sinica and National Taiwan University.
The data is gathered with face-to-face interviews, which cover topics ranging from economic conditions and social capital, to political participation, partisanship, traditionalism, and trust in institutions.
At least 97 papers have been published using data from the survey.
Sandia pepper
The Sandia pepper is a New Mexico chile pepper cultivar of the species "Capsicum annuum" with a scoville rating which ranges from mild to hot.
This cultivar is extensively grown in New Mexico where it was developed and is popular in New Mexican cuisine.
Sandia peppers picked while still green are typically roasted to produce green chili.
When ripened, this variety can be dried and ground to make chili powder.
Sandia peppers grown and consumed in New Mexico are most commonly used to make red or green posole, green chili stew, and carne adovada.
The Sandia pepper cultivar was developed at New Mexico State University by Dr. Roy Harper in 1956 by cross breeding a Numex No.
9 type (originally developed by Dr. Fabian Garcia) with a Californian Anaheim-type chile.
This variety of chili pepper is of moderate heat and is widely grown and consumed in New Mexico.
Sandia peppers are consumed both as green chili as well as ripe red chilies, and are also dried into ristras.
They are considered high yielding with relatively large fruits.
In common with most New Mexico chili cultivars, Sandia peppers are somewhat variable in their fruiting and produce individual peppers of varying heat, with most of the peppers being mild (5,000 SHU), and an occasional extremely hot pepper (30,000 SHU).
Removing the seeds from the peppers before cooking or consuming them significantly reduces the heat of this variety of pepper.
Marie Wright (curler)
Marie Wright (born May 9, 1960) is a Canadian wheelchair curler.
Wright helped Canada win a bronze medal at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in South Korea in 2018.
Wright was born on May 9, 1960 in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
On August 20, 1988, Wright, two of her daughters, and her niece and nephew suffered in a car accident.
She was left paraplegic and one of her daughters with a serious head injury.
Her husband left her two years later and she raised her four daughters on her own.
Wright began para-curling in 2008 and played for Team Saskatchewan at their first Canadian Wheelchair Curling Championship.
Within two years, she achieved her Level 1 Officiation certification and volunteered at the 2010 Saskatchewan Winter Games curling competition as a timer.
During the 2012 Canadian Wheelchair Curling Championship, Wright helped Team Saskatchewan win their first National Wheelchair Title.
Wright competed with Team Saskatchewan at the 2016 Canadian Wheelchair Curling Championship and 2017 Canadian Wheelchair Curling Championship.
On December 8, 2017, Wright was named to Team Canada's roster for the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
She helped Canada take home a bronze medal in a win over South Korea on March 17, 2018.
Later that year, Wright became the first female skip to win a national wheelchair title as Team Saskatchewan went 11-0 to win the 2018 Canadian Wheelchair Curling Championship.
During the summer, Wright coached an all-girls softball team within the Moose Jaw Minor Girls Fastball League.
On January 16, 2019, Wright was again named to Team Saskatchewan's roster for the 2019 Wheelchair Curling World Championships, where the team finished fifth.
List of Bangladeshi films of 2020
This is a list of Bangladeshi films that are scheduled to release in 2020.
Some films have announced release dates but have yet to begin filming, while others are in production but do not yet have definite release dates.
Films listed as "untitled" do not yet have publicly announced titles.
This is a list of Bangladeshi films that are scheduled to release in this year but don't have any confirmed release date.
Die Himmel rühmen des Ewigen Ehre
"" (The heavens praise the glory of the Eternal), Op.
48/4, is a composition for voice and piano by Ludwig van Beethoven, setting the beginning of Christian Fürchtegott Gellert's poem "" (The glory of God from nature), a paraphrase of Psalm 19.
Beethoven composed it as part of a collection of lieder on texts by Gelllert, which was published in 1803, known as Six Gellert Lieder.
"Die Himmel rühmen des Ewigen Ehre" became famous in arrangements for choir, "Die Himmel rühmen!"
by Joseph Dantonello, and "The Heavens are Telling" by Virgil Thomson.
Beethoven wrote the lied for voice and piano as the fourth of a collection of six lieder on texts by Gellert.
Gellert's poem in six stanzas, "", appeared first in his 1757 collection "Geistliche Oden und Lieder" (Spiritual odes and songs).
It is a paraphrase of Psalm 19 ("The heavens declare the glory of God").
Like the psalm, the poem speaks of the Creator's magnificence showing in the wonders of nature, which suited natural theology, popular during Gellert's lifetime.
The poem was set to music for voice and continuo in Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach's Gellert Odes and Songs.
in 1758, among several others.
Beethoven set the first two stanzas of the poem.
It was published as No.
4 in a collection of six lieder by Beethoven on texts by Gellert in 1803.
In the collection, it bears the same title as the poem, and begins "".
Beethoven's setting was arranged for four-part choir, organ and orchestra by , which became one of the most popular spiritual songs.
It was arranged for organ and choir as "The Heavens are Telling" in 1925 by Virgil Thomson while he was a student at Harvard University, which became popular in the United States.
Thomas Doss wrote a transcription for wind band with optional choir.
An English version, "The heavens are telling the Lord's endless glory", with Beethoven's melody has appeared in four hymnals.
In the collection Op.
48, Beethoven set six texts by Gellert, all with religious themes, entitled:
Five songs are marked in German, while only the last one has a conventional Italian marking.
The first song begins "Gott, deine Güte reicht so weit" (God, your mercy reaches far), alluding to Psalm 108:4.
It is marked "Feierlich und mit Audacht" (Solemnly and with devotion).
The second song, "So jemand spricht: Ich liebe Gott!"
(If someone says: I love God), is marked "Lebhaft doch nicht zu sehr" (Lively but not too much).
The third song, "Meine Lebenszeit verstreicht" (My life time is passing by) is marked " Mässig und eher langsam als geschwind" (Moderately and rather slow than fast).
The fifth song claims "Gott ist mein Lied!"
(God is my song), marked "Mit Kraft und Feuer" (With strength and fire).
The final penitential song begins "An dir allein, an dir hab ich gesündigt" (Against you alone against you I have I sinned), and is marked "Poco adagio" (Somewhat slow).
Beethoven dedicated the collection to Count Johann Georg von Browne.
Gellert's text is close to the beginning of Psalm 19 in the first two stanzas, which are the only ones that Beethoven used.
Beethoven ignored the two stanzas of the poem, structuring the text differently as a ternary form, ABA.
He used the first two lines for a solemn A section; the following four (two from the first stanza and two from the second) for a softer, narrating middle section, beginning with "Ihn rühmt der Erdkreis" (The circle of the world praises Him); and the final two lines for a slightly modified repeat of the beginning, with the text "Sie kommt und leuchtet" (He comes and illuminates), the second half of the second stanza.
The music in C major and alla breve-time is marked "Majestätisch und erhaben" (Majestic and sublime).
The music opens with two measures of solemn chords by the piano.
The motif of a downward broken major triad is also found in other compositions by Beethoven dealing with solemn topics, such as the "Dona nobis pacem" from his Missa solemnis.
Beethoven's song and its adaptations became part of music collections, concerts and recordings, with "Die Himmel rühmen!"
sometimes chosen as the title.
The German pop singer Heino chose the song as the title and motto of four church concert series in Germany.
Cited sources
Nataša Ljepoja
Nataša Ljepoja (born 28 January 1996) is a Slovenian handball player, born in Celje.
She plays for RK Krim and the Slovenian national handball team.
She has previously played for the club RK Zagorje.
She represented Slovenia at the 2019 World Women's Handball Championship.
Thomas Bendyshe
Thomas Bendyshe (1827–1886) was an English barrister and academic, known as a magazine proprietor and translator.
He was the fourth son of John Bendyshe R.N.
and his wife Catherine Matcham, a niece of Lord Nelson.
He was educated at Eton College, and matriculated at King's College, Cambridge in 1845, graduating B.A.
in 1849 and M.A.
in 1852.
Bendyshe was admitted to the Inner Temple in 1848, and was called to the bar in 1857.
He became in 1846 a Fellow of King's College, a position he kept for the rest of his life.
In college matters, Bendyshe as a Senior Fellow objected to financial reforms.
Considered "eccentric", he obstructed them for nearly 20 years, and was the only Fellow to claim money in a compromise solution proposed by the Visitor.
A settlement, the Eirenicon, emerged in 1872.
The memoirs of Augustus Austen Leigh record Bendyshe's 1870 effort to retain the right to dine separately in the college hall.
According to Montague Rhodes James, Richard Okes, Provost before Leigh, brought to all college meetings a piece of paper with a reprimand of the Visitor to Bendyshe, in case he ever attended, for a "profane letter he had sent to the Dean."
Bendyshe died at Buckland, Kent on 21 July 1886.
Bendyshe was a vice-president of the Anthropological Society.
This was at the period, during the American Civil War, during which Thomas Henry Huxley and John Lubbock, in the Darwinian evolutionary camp, were using the long-established Ethnological Society to attack this new rival, described by Desmond as "ultra-racist".
In 1865 Bendyshe bought "The Reader", a magazine set up by Thomas Hughes and Norman Lockyer.
Its science section, written by Lockyer, had been used to publicise the views of the Darwinian X Club.
Bendyshe frustated them by this move, closing down the science section.
He edited "The Reader" for something under a year, the end coming in January 1867.
Alfred Russel Wallace took it well, telling Darwin that Bendyshe was "the most talented man" in the Anthropological Society.<ref>John F. Byrne, ""The Reader": A Review of Literature, Science and the Arts, 1863-67", Victorian Periodicals Newsletter No.
4, [Vol.
2, No.
1] (Apr., 1969), pp.
47–50, at p. 48.
Published by: The Johns Hopkins University Press on behalf of the Research Society for Victorian Periodicals
The Twins, Hong Kong
The Twins (), also officially known as Ma Kong Shan, are a pair of mountains in southern Hong Kong.
They are a popular destination for hikers and fitness enthusiasts as part of the rigorous Violet Hill-The Twins Hike on Hong Kong Island.
Hiking up The Twins involves walking up a long steep set of stairs featuring more than 1000 steps straight up.
The Twins are two peaks of similar height lined up from north to south.
The Southern Twin is the taller mountain at 386 metres in height, while the Northern Twin stands at 363 metres.
To the north of the Twins lies another prominent hill called Violet Hill.
Section 1 of the Wilson Trail runs through the top ridges of The Twins.
It is possible to access the summit of the Southern Twin from either Stanley, Tai Tam Reservoirs, or Hong Kong Parkview.
Alex A. Torrance
Alex A.
"Big Alex" Torrance is a Scottish curler.
He is a and four-time Scottisn men's champion.
Viktoriia Safonova
Viktoriia Andreevna Safonova (; born May 8, 2003) is a Russian-born figure skater who competes for Belarus.
She is the 2020 Belarusian national champion and the 2019 CS Golden Spin of Zagreb silver medalist.
Viktoriia Safonova was born on May 8, 2003 in Moscow.
Safonova placed fourteenth at the 2018 Russian Junior Championships and eighth at the 2019 Russian Junior Championships.
Competing for Russia, she was the 2018 Ice Star junior champion.
Safonova switched to representing Belarus in August 2019, alongside former Russian national teammates Konstantin Milyukov and Victoria Yatsenko / Daniel Parkman.
She placed fourth at a Russian domestic event earlier in the summer, but was not included into the national team.
Safonova won the Summer Cup of the Skating Union of Belarus in her domestic debut.
According to International Skating Union rules for switching nationalities, Safonova was required to sit out international competition for a year dating from her last international appearance, ruling her ineligible for Junior Grand Prix events.
Safonova made her international debut for Belarus at the 2019 Volvo Open Cup, where she won the gold medal ahead of Azerbaijan's Ekaterina Ryabova and Alina Urushadze of Georgia.
She then placed seventh at 2019 CS Warsaw Cup.
Safonova earned personal bests in all segments to win the silver medal at 2019 CS Golden Spin of Zagreb, behind Elizaveta Tuktamysheva of Russia and ahead of Germany's Nicole Schott.
Safonova won the national title in her first attempt at the 2020 Belarusian Championships, ahead of Milana Romashova and Anastasiya Sidorenko.
She will represent the country at the 2020 European Championships.
"CS: Challenger Series"
2020 Oceania Badminton Championships
The 2020 Oceania Badminton Championships is the continental badminton championships in Oceania sanctioned by the Badminton Oceania, and Badminton World Federation.
This championship is organized by Badminton World Federation, and will be the 15th edition of the Oceania Badminton Championships.
It will hold in Ballarat, Australia from 10 to 15 February 2020.
The team event will start in 13 February, and will be the qualification stage for the 2020 Thomas & Uber Cup finals to be played in Denmark, while the individual event will start in February 10.
The tournament will be held at the Ken Kay Badminton Stadium, Ballarat, Australia.
The seeding, which is based on BWF world rankings on 3 December 2019, for both the men's and women's competition is the same:
Valentina Klemenčič
Valentina Klemenčič (born 15 February 2002) is a Slovenian handball player, born in Kranj.
She plays for RK Krim and the Slovenian national handball team.
She represented Slovenia at the 2019 World Women's Handball Championship, as pivot/line player.
Tadeusz Mostowski
Tadeusz Antoni Mostowski (19 October 1766, Warsaw - 6 December 1842, Paris) was a Polish writer, journalist, literary critic and politician.
He was the son of , a noted military commander.
He was raised in an intellectual atmosphere and studied at the Collegium Nobilium.
In 1780, he became an Assessor and was later elected a member of the Great Sejm.
In 1790, he was a Podstoli for the Masovian Voivodeship and also became a Castellan in Raciąż, thereby gaining a place in the .
He was a supporter of the Patriotic Party and helped create the Friends of the Constitution.
In 1792, together with Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz and , he published the "".
During the period of the Targowica Confederation he left Poland; eventually arriving in Paris, where he became a mediator in talks between Polish emigrants and French revolutionary authorities.
After the defeat of the Girondists, he was imprisoned but soon released and allowed to return home.
There, he found himself persecuted and detained by Jacob von Sievers, a deputy of Empress Catherine the Great.
In 1794, he joined the Kościuszko Uprising; becoming a member of the Provisional Council of the Duchy of Masovia and the Supreme National Council.
When the uprising collapsed, he was taken into house arrest in Saint Petersburg.
He was released following an amnesty in 1795 and, in 1797, he once again went to Paris.
He remained there until 1802, then established himself at what is now known as the Mostowski Palace, which he had inherited in 1795.
He also resumed his publishing enterprise, with the latest equipment brought in from Paris.
He was in France again for much of 1812.
Later that year, he became the Minister of the Interior for the Duchy of Warsaw.
From 1815 to 1830, he served as the presiding minister for the Government Commission for Internal Affairs of Congress Poland.
While in that position, he helped promote construction of the Augustów Canal and established the (Agronomic Institute) in Marymont.
During those years, he remained active as a writer; publishing literary criticism and theatre reviews in numerous Warsaw journals.
He was also an honorary member of the Warsaw Society of Friends of Learning.
In 1825, he was appointed to the Senate.
During the November Uprising, he absented himself from that body's meetings.
When the uprising had been quashed, the Russian authorities allowed him to emigrate to France, where he owned lands inherited from his father.
He died there ten years later, and was interred at Montmartre Cemetery.
His first wife was the writer, Anna Olimpia Przeździecka, whom he married in 1787 and divorced in 1804.
He was her second husband and they had no children.
His second marriage, to Marianną Potocką (1780-1837), a member of the noble Potocki family, produced five children.
Kwun Yam Shan
Kwun Yam Shan (Chinese: 觀音山) is a mountain that is in northern Hong Kong near Kadoorie Farm.
There is another hill called Kwun Yam Shan near Tai O on Lantau Island in southwestern Hong Kong.
Kwun Yam Shan is 546m in height, to the north of Tai Mo Shan, the tallest mountain in Hong Kong.
Kwun Yam Shan is a popular destination for springtime cherry blossom viewing.
Muthukaalai
Muthukaalai is an Indian film actor, comedian who predominantly works in Tamil Cinema.
Muthukaalai was born in Rajapalayam and dreamt of becoming of a stunt choreographer.
He attained black belt in Karate at the age of 18.
He made his acting debut with "Ponmanam" (1997) and went on to portray comedic characters and he gained popularity with his appearances in the comedy tracks of Vadivelu.
Darcy Fort
Darcy Fort (born 6 August 1993) is an Australian rules footballer playing for in the Australian Football League (AFL).
A 2.04-metre ruckman who can also play as a key forward, he played in several state leagues before being drafted by Geelong as a mature-age recruit.
He made his AFL debut in round 9 of the 2019 season.
From Geelong, Victoria, Fort originally played for South Barwon as a junior and represented the Geelong Falcons in the TAC Cup.
Ahead of the 2012 AFL draft he was little-noticed by recruiters until a match with South Barwon in the Geelong Football League, when he rucked competitively against Brad Ottens, a triple-premiership player for Geelong, despite his size and experience deficit.
Over his 10 TAC Cup matches for the season, Fort averaged 10 disposals, 3.5 marks, 26 hitouts and 3.4 tackles; the "Herald Sun" reported that he was regarded as among the best ruckmen in the competition, highlighted Fort's tackling, tenacity and follow-up effort as strengths, and predicted he would be drafted in the late second or early third round (pick 40-50).
Fort was nevertheless overlooked at the 2012 draft (a snub the "Geelong Advertiser" called "inexplicable") and entered a stint in the Victorian Football League (VFL) with Werribee.
He played four matches of the 2013 season before moving to Footscray.
Fort played eleven matches and kicked eight goals over the next two years, then switched to South Australian National Football League club Central District ahead of the 2016 season.
At this point, he was playing as a ruckman with stints as a key defender.
Over the next three years, Fort kicked 29 goals in 52 games as he began to take on a forward-line role.
"Fox Sports" claimed he "might be the best mature-age ruck prospect in Australia" after he averaged 31.5 hitouts for Central District in 2018; journalist Callum Twomey also highlighted Fort as a possible selection in the 2018 AFL draft.
Fort was drafted by Geelong with pick 65 in the 2018 national draft, quitting his job as a civil engineer to play for the club.
He followed Orren Stephenson (2011) and Ryan Abbott (2016) as mature-age ruckmen selected by the club.
Fort began his time with Geelong competing with Abbott, Rhys Stanley and Zac Smith for the ruckman position.
The proliferation of ruckmen led to him spending more time as a key forward in Geelong's VFL reserves, where he kicked eight goals in four matches and displayed strong marking ability while rucking alongside Abbott.
After Stanley withdrew late from Geelong's round 9 match against the , Fort replaced him for his first AFL match.
He notched 17 hitouts and kicked three goals in combination with Abbott.
He played two more matches to complete the 2019 season.
Traccar
Traccar is a free and open source GPS tracking server.
As of 2019, Traccar claims to support more than 1,500 different models of GPS tracking devices.
Traccar is owned by Traccar Limited and was founded in 2009.
Anton Tananaev, the founder of Traccar, in an interview said that he began writing the software in 2009 and made it open source in early 2010.
In 2016, Traccar was one of the winners of the 10th Open SW Developer Competition held in South Korea.
According to a 2019 report by Windows Report, Traccar was noted amongst one of the 7 best free software for fleet management and GPS tracking.
Traccar has three main applications called Traccar Server, Traccar Manager and Traccar Client.
Traccar Server is the main software which include the back-end for device communication and the front-end web interface for managing the GPS tracking devices.
The Traccar Manager is a mobile based front end application which can be used to manage GPS tracking devices.
And the third is Traccar Client, a mobile based application which acts as an alternative to GPS tracking hardware and can be used to report the mobile phone's location to the Traccar Server.
Luca Hollenstein
Luca Hollenstein is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with EV Zug of the National League (NL).
Hollenstein made his professional debut during the 2017-18 season, appearing in 2 games with the EVZ Academy of the Swiss League (SL).
However, he played the majority of the season with EV Zug U20 in the Elite Junior League.
Hollenstein officially turned pro when he signed his first contract with EV Zug on October 24, 2019, agreeing to a two-year deal.
He went on to make his National League (NL) debut with EV Zug during the 2019–20 season but mostly assumed back-up duties behind Leonardo Genoni.
Hollenstein was named to Switzerland's U20 national team for the 2019 World Junior Championships in Canada.
He led Switzerland to a fourth place finish, falling to Finland in the semi finals.
Hollenstein was again part of the team for the 2020 World Junior Championships in the Czech Republic.
Hollenstein was born in Chur, Grisons, Switzerland.
He has played with EHC Chur's junior teams since he was 6 years old.
At age 15, he moved to Zug to join EV Zug U17 team.
Azita Moguie
Azita Moguie () born November 22, 1965 in Tehran, Iran is an Iranian Director , Producer , Production Manager .
She start her directing career with the film "Tragedy" .
The second film she directed was "Ideh Asli"
Azita Moguie is the line producer at <nowiki>پسر_آدم،_دختر_حوا پسر آدم، دختر حوا</nowiki>
Methodist Hospital (San Antonio)
Methodist Hospital is a hospital operated by Methodist Healthcare located in San Antonio, Texas.
Methodist Hospital was established in 1963 and is one of the largest hospitals in the United States in terms of number of available beds.
The hospital offers San Antonio's only heart transplant program.
The hospital was chartered in 1955 and was the first hospital to open in the South Texas Medical Center.
The hospital focuses on cardiology, oncology, emergency medicine, bone and marrow stem cell transplant, neurosciences, women's health and orthopedics.
The hospital has a certified Comprehensive Stroke Center.
The hospital is known for its neurology and neurosurgical care and has performed more back and neck surgeries than any other hospitals in Texas.
In 2013, an memorandum of understanding was signed between the University of Texas Health Science Center's pediatrics program and Methodist Hospital.
Negotiations were unable to close and the deal collapsed at the end of spring in 2014.
Billy Barratt
Billy Barratt (born 16 June 2007) is an English actor.
Barratt was born in Brixton, London, United Kingdom on 16 June 2007 as Billy Ace Barratt.
He is the grandson of Shakin' Stevens.
His mother is actress and presenter Carolyn Owlett who was a former member of UK band The 411.
Barratt began acting in television roles.
He made his film debut in "To Dream", released in 2016.
He made his feature film debut in the 2018 film "Mary Poppins Returns", he played a street urchin.
In 2019, he plays Ray in "Responsible Child", which tells the fictional story about a 12-year-old who is charged with murder, and questions whether a child can be held responsible for their actions.
The Phantom Horseman (1924 film)
The Phantom Horseman is a 1924 American Western film directed by Robert North Bradbury and written by Isadore Bernstein.
The film stars Jack Hoxie, Lillian Rich, Neil McKinnon, Wade Boteler, William McCall and Ben Corbett.
The film was released on March 3, 1924, by Universal Pictures.
2020 Thomas Cup qualification
The 2020 Thomas Cup qualification process is a series of tournaments organised by the five BWF confederations to decide 14 of the 16 teams which will play in the 2020 Thomas Cup, with Denmark qualifying automatically as hosts, and China qualifying automatically as trophy holder.
The number of teams participating in the final tournament is 16.
Even though the qualification process began in February 2020, the allocation of slots for each confederation is same the allocation as 2018 tournament.
The qualification for the Asian teams will held from 11 to 16 February 2020, at the Srizal Memorial Coliseum in Manila, Philippines.
The semifinalist of the Asian qualification will qualified for the Thomas Cup.
China qualified automatically as trophy holder.
The qualification for the European teams will held from 11 to 16 February 2020, at the Stade Couvert Régional in Liévin, France.
The semi-finalist of the European qualification will qualified for the Thomas Cup.
Denmark qualified automatically as hosts.
The qualification for the Oceanian teams will hold from 13 to 15 February 2020, at the Ken Kay Badminton Stadium in Ballarat, Australia.
The winner of the Oceania qualification qualified for the Thomas Cup.
Below is the chart of the ranking of BWF World Team Ranking on 7 January 2020.
Last Safe Place
Last Safe Place is the fourth album by LeRoux released in 1982.
It is the band's last album with Jeff Pollard and Bob Campo involved.
The album peaked at #64 on the Billboard 200, becoming the band's most successful album.
"Nobody Said It Was Easy" is the album's (and the band's) only Top 20 hit, peaking at #18 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Al Riffa station
Al Riffa station is the western terminus of the Doha Metro's Green Line and serves the municipality of Al Rayyan.
It is located on Dukhan Highway, opposite of the Mall of Qatar, in the newly developed Rawdat Al Jahhaniya district.
The station currently has no metrolinks.
Facilities on the premises include restrooms and a prayer room.
The station was opened to the public on 10 December, 2019 along with the other Green Line stations.
It is served by bus routes 104, 104A and 104B.
2020 Uber Cup qualification
The 2020 Uber Cup qualification process is a series of tournaments organised by the five BWF confederations to decide 14 of the 16 teams which will play in the 2020 Uber Cup, with Denmark qualifying automatically as hosts, and Japan qualifying automatically as trophy holder.
The number of teams participating in the final tournament is 16.
Even though the qualification process began in February 2020, the allocation of slots for each confederation is same the allocation as 2018 tournament.
The qualification for the Asian teams will held from 11 to 16 February 2020, at the Srizal Memorial Coliseum in Manila, Philippines.
The semifinalist of the Asian qualification will qualified for the Uber Cup.
Japan qualified automatically as trophy holder.
The qualification for the European teams will held from 11 to 16 February 2020, at the Stade Couvert Régional in Liévin, France.
The semi-finalist of the European qualification will qualified for the Thomas Cup.
Denmark qualified automatically as hosts.
The qualification for the Oceanian teams will hold from 13 to 15 February 2020, at the Ken Kay Badminton Stadium in Ballarat, Australia.
The winner of the Oceania qualification qualified for the Uber Cup.
Below is the chart of the ranking of BWF World Team Ranking on 7 January 2020.
Baptist Medical Center
Baptist Medical Center is a hospital and a part of the Baptist Health System located in San Antonio, Texas.
Methodist Hospital was established in 1924 and apart of the Baptist Health System.
The hospital offers San Antonio's only heart transplant program.
The hospital was founded in 1903 and is one of the oldest hospitals in San Antonio.
The hospital is a provider of cardiovascular, orthopedic, and endocrine care.
"U.S. News & World Report" ranked Baptist Medical Center as 22nd best hospital in Texas and second best in San Antonio.
Baptist Medical Center has the busiest emergency room in San Antonio with over 3,600 patients per month.
In 2018, the hospital spent more than $8.5 million to renovated the first floor including the emergency room.
Doctors at Baptist Medical Center warned shoppers of the health hazard of holiday shopping, stating it "can lead to hypertension, stroke, cardiovascular disease, and even ulcers".
Tim Berni
Tim Berni (born February 11, 2000) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing with the ZSC Lions of the National League (NL).
Berni made his professional debut during the 2017–18 season with the GCK Lions of the Swiss League (SL).
He also made his National League (NL) debut that same season with the ZSC Lions, appearing in 8 games (0 point).
On June 12, 2018, Bern signed his first professional contract, agreeing to a two-year optional contract with the ZSC Lions.
His option was exercised on March 25, 2019, at the end of the relegation round.
Berni was named to Switzerland's U20 national team for the 2018 World Junior Championships.
He played 5 games, scoring no point.
He made the team again for the 2019 World Junior Championships, playing all 7 games (2 assists) to help Switzerland finish 4th in the tournament.
Berni was named to the team for the 2020 World Junior Championships, his last season of eligibility.
Berni completed an apprenticeship at Allianz during his first years in Zurich.
Juanulloa
Juanulloa, the goldfingers, are a genus of flowering plants in the family Solanaceae, native to Central and South America.
It is likely that "Juanulloa" is polyphyletic.
Species currently accepted by The Plant List are as follows:
CSO Ștei
Clubul Sportiv Orășenesc Ștei, commonly known as CSO Ștei, or simply as Ștei, is a Romanian football club based in Ștei, Bihor County.
The club was founded in 2010 to continue the long history of football in town, history that was near the end with the bankruptcy of the more known "Minerul Ștei" and "Oțelul Ștei".
The town of Ștei is a relatively young one, being founded only in 1952, near the former village, which had the same name.
The small settlement was projected to be an important town, during the presence of Nazi Germany in Romania, during the early 1940s, due to the uranium deposits that were found at Băița mine near Ștei.
Subsequently, as a consequence of the World War II, the Germans left Romania and the Soviets took control and built the dreamed town in only four years.
The new town was projected to have 25,000 inhabitants, also dozens of blocks and barracks, an administrative palace, five cinemas, three dance rings, two schools (a Romanian one and a Russian one), a dispensary, a sports base, a restaurant and shops were built.
Ștei was thus included in the category of "working-class cities" alongside with other localities such as Uricani, Ciudanovița, Victoria or Scornicești, also being named as "Dr. Petru Groza", between 1958 and 1996, after the Romanian Socialist leader, who had died in 1958.
As part of the town's development, the Soviets founded the first football club in 1954 and named it "Minerul" (The Miner), playing its home matches on Minerul Stadium, built also in the early 1950s, with a capacity of 800 people.
Minerul won Divizia D – Bihor County in 1964, 10 years after its foundation, and promoted for the first time in its history in the Divizia C. "The miners" spent four seasons at the level of the third tier, before relegating, with a 6th place (at the end of the 1966–67 edition) as the best ranking.
The team from Bihor Mountains promoted again in 1972, but this time spent no less than seven seasons in the third league, before relegating again, now with a best ranking achieved at the end of the 1974–75 season, a 5th place.
The other team of the town, "Oțelul" (The Steel) was founded in the 1970s and was owned by the Mechanical Factory of Ștei.
In contrast to its rival, Oțelul was a much constant presence at the level of the third tier, promoting for the first time in 1976 and relegating only at the end of the 1991–92 season, after 16 consecutive years in the league.
The best ranking for "the metalsmiths" (as they were known) was a 2nd place obtained in 1991, classification that is also the best in the history of football from Ștei.
Oțelul used to play its home matches on Oțelul Stadium, built in the 1980s, with a capacity of 5,000 seats, now a ruin, after years of negligence.
During the 1980s, an intense rivalry was born between Minerul Bihor and Oțelul Bihor (as they were known before 1996), with very disputed matches at the level of Divizia C. The victory was sometimes claimed by "the miners", other times by "the metalsmiths", but finally in 1992, after the fall of communism in Romania, both teams encountered financial problems and were relegated to the fourth division.
Minerul took the leadership in the 1990s and promoted back to Divizia C, equaling the best ranking in the history of the club, a 3rd place, in 1997 and having a last sparkle, under private ownership, during the 2003–04 season, when they finished 6th in their series of Divizia C, but then withdrew due to financial difficulties.
Oțelul had a last appearance at the level of Divizia C during the 2000–01 edition, but ended on the 12th place and relegated, then evolving only in the County Championship.
Decline of mining in Romania and the mostly failed privatization of the Mechanical Factory, brought both clubs near to collapse in the middle 2000s, first club that decided to withdrew and declare its bankruptcy being Minerul, in 2008, followed two years later by Oțelul.
Overall, the town of Ștei, spent 30 seasons at the level of Divizia C, in the 11 of them, both teams being members.
The best ranking was the 2nd place obtained by Oțelul in 1991, followed by a 3rd place achieved by the same team in 1989 and by the rival Minerul on two occasions, 1983 and 1997.
Financial crisis of 2007–08 and the already poor economical situation of the little industrial town, which remained basically without its first economical engine, the industry, brought the football into bankruptcy.
The withdrawal of Oțelul in the middle of the 2009–10 season, made the Local Council to take action and on 24 June 2010, it was approved the foundation of CSO Ștei, a team meant to continue the rich history of football from Ștei.
CSO was enrolled in the Liga V and promoted at the end of the 2010–11 season, then remaining at the level of Liga IV, for the moment, without the financial capacity of hoping for more.
The new team from Ștei, obtained the following rankings: 6th (2012–13), 6th (2013–14), 5th (2014–15), 6th (2015–16), 10th (2016–17), 14th (2017–18) and 11th (2018–19).
The two main football grounds in Ștei are Minerul Stadium and Oțelul Stadium.
Minerul Stadium was built by the Soviets in the early 1950s and was opened in 1954, being the home ground of Minerul Ștei for 54 years, until its dissolution in 2008.
The stadium has a capacity of 800 people and was owned after 1989 by the National Uranium Company, reaching a precarious state in the early 2010s.
Oțelul Stadium was built by the Mechanical Factory and inaugurated in the early 1980s, being the home ground of Oțelul Ștei for more than 35 years, until its dissolution in 2010.
The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 people and it is owned by Transilvania GIE, company that bought the old factory.
The stadium is now basically a ruin, being totally neglected since 2010.
When CSO Ștei was founded the problem of a home ground appeared, both stadiums being in a state of degradation and none in the administration of the Town of Ștei.
Finally, the National Uranium Company agreed to allow the new football club to play on Minerul Stadium, which started to be the home ground of the newly formed football team.
CSO Ștei has many supporters in Ștei and especially in Beiuș Depression.
The fanbase of the team is formed of former supporters of Minerul and Oțelul and they are well known in Bihor County for their high attachment to the team, most of the time putting a lot of pressure on their opponents.
The club's main rivalries are especially against teams based in the Beiuș Depression.
Bihorul Beiuș is considered to be the bitter rival, as it is based in the most important city of the region and at only 20 km away from Ștei.
In the past it was a great industrial rivalry in Ștei, rivalry that moved on the football pitch and gave birth in the 1980s to a confrontation known as "Derby of Ștei".
The derby was disputed between "Minerul Ștei" (representing the mining industry) and "Oțelul Ștei" (representing the steel industry), the matches were always very tense, regardless of the level at which they took place.
William Vainchenker
William Vainchenker, born on 16 December 1947, is a French medical doctor and researcher.
He is considered a specialist in hematopoiesis.
William Vainchenker is Director of Research at Inserm, Hematopoiesis and Stem Cells Unit, Gustave Roussy Institute, Villejuif.
William Vainchenker is best known for his discoveries in the field of malignant blood diseases and the genetic mechanisms responsible for predisposition to myeloproliferative syndromes and leukaemias.
William Vainchenker studied medicine from 1966-1971 in Paris VII University and passed his medical thesis in 1977.
At the same time he completed his bachelor's degree in science, then a DEA (master 2) and a postgraduate thesis in science in 1978 in Paris VI University.
He was appointed to the Paris Hospital Boarding School in 1971 and did his hospital internships from 1971 to 1978 with an interruption as a technical assistance cooperator.
William Vainchenker then worked as an intern at the Inserm unit headed by Professor Jean Rosa at Henri Mondor Hospital (Créteil) in the team of Mrs Jeanine Breton Gorius where he started working on megacaryocyte differentiation.
In 1981 he returned to a university hospital activity in hemato-immunology as head of the clinic in the department of Professor Maxime Seligmann.
In 1983 William Vainchenker was recruited as research director at Inserm in Professor Jean Rosa's unit.
In 1993, he took over the management of an Inserm unit at the Gustave Roussy Institute on the theme of experimental haematology, which he managed until 2010.
William Vainchenker then remained until now as a researcher in the same Inserm unit at Gustave Roussy.
Until now, he has kept a hematology consultation at Saint Louis Hospital.
William Vainchenker has always worked on megacaryocyte differentiation with the objective of characterizing the mechanisms that regulate this normal that leads to platelet formation and then transposing these data to human pathology.
This allowed him to be the first team to identify and characterize the progenitor of the megacaryocyte line, then to define its different steps and apply these data to the characterization of leukaemias.
In parallel, his team has shown that GATA1 is a transcription factor that plays a key role not only in erythroblast but also in megacaryocyte differentiation.
A major theme of his team was to characterize the regulatory factors of megacaryopoiesis.
They were able to show with Françoise Wendling that the orphan MPL receptor had as ligand a megacaryopoiesis stimulating factor that had all the characteristics of thrombopoietin, a presumptive humoral factor that physiologically regulates platelet production.
Thrombopoietin in plasma could then be isolated from its MPL binding by other teams.
This allowed them to study in detail: 1) the mechanisms of regulation of plasma thrombopoietin level by the number of platelets in the blood and 2) its function on differentiation, in particular on polyploidization of megacaryocytes.
These fundamental results have allowed them to better understand the pathophysiology of different hereditary thrombocytopenia.
Having shown that overexpression of thrombopoietin in mice gave a picture similar to myeloproliferative neoplasm, they focused their research on the pathophysiology of these malignant diseases.
This led to the discovery of the JAK2V617F mutation that causes more than 60% of these diseases, in particular more than 90% of Vaquez's Polyglobulias.
JAK2 is a kinase associated with cytokine receptors such as MPL or the erythropoietin receptor essential for signalling these receptors and the V617F mutation results in constitutive signalling and is capable of inducing a disease similar to Vaquez's ployglobulia in mice or the erythropoietin receptor essential for the signalling of these receptors and the V617F mutation results in constitutive signalling and is capable of inducing a disease similar to Vaquez's ployglobulia in mice or the erythropoietin receptor essential for the signalling of these receptors and the V617F mutation results to constitutive signalling and is capable of inducing a disease close to Vaquez's ployglobulia in mice or the erythropoietin receptor essential for signalling these receptors and the V617F mutation results in constitutive signalling and is capable of inducing a disease close to Vaquez's ployglobulia in mice.
His team then helped to characterize other motor mutations, particularly those of MPL.
Most importantly, it has identified the TET2 gene, which can be mutated in association with JAK2V617F in myeloproliferative neoplasms and plays a major role in normal hematopoiesis and in many pathologies.
With Stefan Constantinescu's team (Brussels), they showed that calreticulin mutations associated with certain myeloproliferative neoplasms modify the function of this chaperone that binds to MPL to activate signaling via JAK2.
Finally, working on familial myeloproliferative syndromes, they characterized one of the very first locus responsible for the predisposition to myeloproliferative neoplasms and leukaemias with high penetration.
William Vainchenker and his collaborators are studying the mechanism of this predisposition linked to the duplication of 5 genes.
William Vainchenker is the 1994 winner of the European Haematology Association (EHA) Award and the National Cancer League Award.
In 2007, he received the William Dameshek Prize from the American Society of Hematology (ASH) and the Allianz-Institut de France Foundation Research Prize.
Finally, in 2014, he received, for his entire career, the Inserm honorary prize of
He was elected a member of the French Academy of Sciences in December 2013, in the Human Biology and Medical Sciences section.
He is Chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur.
Carryover credits
Carryover Credits (Kyoto carryover credits) are a carbon accounting measure by which nations count historical emission reductions that exceeded previous international goals towards its current targets.
In essence, carryover credits represent the volume of emissions a country could have released, but did not.
When used in reference to the Paris Agreement, it refers to a scheme under which unspent "Clean Development Mechanism credits" (CDM credits) introduced by the Kyoto Protocol will be "carried over" to the new markets established by the agreement.
As part of the Paris Agreement, CDM credits will be replaced by an international emissions trading market, where by countries can sell their excess emissions credits to other countries.
While most countries do not count their credits, several countries lead by Australia, including Brazil, India, and Ukraine are attempting to allow their credits to be carried over.
The proposal has been criticized, with scientists estimating that if countries were to make full use of their excess credits global temperatures could rise by an extra 0.1°C.
In addition countries could use their excess credits to flood the market and greatly reduce the price of credits.
Education City station
Education City station is a station on the Doha Metro's Green Line in Education City.
It serves the municipality of Al Rayyan, specifically Education City, Bani Hajer, and the associated districts of Education City such as Gharrafat Al Rayyan and Al Shagub.
It is found on Al Luqta Street.
The station currently has no metrolinks.
Facilities on the premises include restrooms and a prayer room.
The station was opened to the public on 10 December, 2019 along with the other stations of the Green Line (also known as the "Education Line").
Methodist University Hospital
Methodist University Hospital is a hospital located in Memphis, Tennessee which is apart of Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare.
It is affiliated with University of Tennessee Health Science Center as a teaching hospital.
The hospital focuses on oncology, cardiology, head and neck surgery, neurology and transplants.
It is the largest and most comprehensive hospital in the Methodist Healthcare system.
On June 23, 1918, John H. Sherard Sr, a wealthy cotton planter from Mississippi, founded Methodist University Hospital, then called Methodist Hospital, after receiving the Lucy Brinkley Hospital, a women's hospital located at 855 Union Avenue, as a gift.
The hospital later became Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare, a healthcare system which operates a network of hospitals.
The hospital originally did not have an ambulance system and relied on "funeral homes' ambulance services to get patients to emergency care".
Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare was ranked 91 of the top 100 best companies to work for in 2018.
The healthcare system has been criticized for its pursuit of payment from poor patients.
In July 2007, Carrie Barrett went to the emergency room at Methodist University Hospital complaining about shortness of breath, swelling of legs and black discoloration of her toes.
Her two night say cost $12,019.
After a lawsuit was filed against her, she ended owing approximately $33,000.
Between 2014 and 2018 Methodist Healthcare filed over 8,300 lawsuits.
Mackrory
Mackrory is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Alain-Jacques Valleron
Alain-Jacques Valleron (born 24 August 1943 in Neuilly-sur-Seine (Hauts-de-Seine) is Professor Emeritus at the Pierre-et-Marie-Curie University and a member of the French Academy of sciences, of which he was Delegate for Scientific Information and Communication.
He is the founder of the ""Sentinel Network"".
He is a graduate of the École polytechnique (1963) and holds a PhD in Science.
He was a researcher at Inserm from 1966 to 1981.
Professor of Biomathematics at the University of Paris 7 from 1981 to 1991, Professor of Biostatistics / Medical Informatics at the Pierre et marie Curie Faculty of Medicine from 1991 to 2013 and hospital practitioner at Saint-Antoine Hospital (Paris).
He was Director of the Biostatistics Laboratory at the University of Paris 7 (1974-1981), the Inserm Research Unit 263 "Biomathematics and Biostatistics" (1981-1995), the Cooperative Data Centre on the Epidemiology of Human Immunodeficiency (1988-1991), the Inserm Research Unit 444 "Epidemiology and Information Sciences" from 1995 to 2004.
He was also in charge of the Public Health Unit at Saint Antoine Hospital in Paris from 1991 to 2000.
In 1974, he created the DEA (master 2) in Biomathematics, which was the first postgraduate scientific training preparing for research in all information sciences applied to biomedicine (biostatistics, modelling, medical informatics, bioinformatics, biomedical image analysis).
From 1998 to 2010 he directed the Doctoral School of Public Health of the Universities Pierre and Marie Curie and Denis Diderot (ED 393)
Throughout his scientific career, Alain-Jacques Valleron has worked at the interface between information sciences and biomedicine.
His first work will lead him to the creation of a platform for simulating the cell cycle and kinetics in the context of cancer.
This allows him to map the variability in the duration of cell cycle phases and to model their consequences on the development of chemotherapy or radiotherapy treatments.
Since the 1980s, he has been developing information systems and statistical or computer models to describe, model, detect in real time and predict the dynamics of epidemics, particularly emerging diseases.
The diseases concerned are in particular influenza (monitored, as well as other health indicators, by the Sentinel network he created in 1984) and frequent communicable diseases in children, AIDS and viral hepatitis, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome)... Alain-Jacques Valleron has always placed his research at the intersection of life sciences, particularly epidemiology, and information sciences.
He is the author of numerous scientific articles and biostatistics books for medical students.
List of awards and nominations received by Safdie brothers
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by the Safdie brothers.
List of Women's Twenty20 International records
This article contains records for Women's Twenty20 Internationals
Team notation
Batting notation
Bowling notation
Currently playing
Record took place in a Women's T20 World Cup match
As of 5 December 2019, there have been 17 hat-tricks in Women's T20 Internationals.
Emmuraillé Lake
The Emmuraillé Lake is a body of water crossed in its eastern part by the Petit Saguenay River, in the unorganized territory of Sagard, in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality of the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, in Canada.
The "Emmuraillé Lake" is indirectly served by the forest road R064 which passes on the west side and bypasses Lac Pilote.
Forestry is the sector's main economic activity; recreotourism activities, second.
The surface of Lac au Sable is usually frozen from the end of November to the beginning of April, however safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to the end of March.
The main watersheds near Emmuraillé lake are:
The Emmuraillé lake has a length of .
The Petit Saguenay River successively crosses from south to north lac au Sable (length: ; altitude: ), lac au Bouleau (length: ; altitude: ) and the eastern part of Lac Emmuraillé (length: ; altitude: ).
The mouth of Emmuraillé Lake is located at:
From the mouth of Lac Emmuraillé, the current descends the Petit Saguenay River for north, northeast, then north to the south bank of the Saguenay River; thence, the current then descends on the Saguenay River east to Tadoussac where the latter river flows into the Saint Lawrence River.
The toponym "Lac Emmuraillé" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Baptist Medical Center (disambiguation)
Baptist Medical Center may refer to:
German Foundation for Patient Rights
The German Foundation for Patient Rights (DSP) is a pressure group which campaigns to improve the quality of the German healthcare system.
Eugen Brysch is the chair of the foundation.
It focuses particularly on the care of the elderly, and on the commercial incentives which encourage unnecessary operations
It advocates a central licensing system for medical staff.
rather than the present 17 regional medical licensing chambers.
Herbert Möller is a prominent spokesperson for the organisation.
He has highlighted the problems created by the quarterly payment system, which makes it difficult for state insurance patients to see doctors towards the end of the quarter.
In the months of March, June, September, and December patients have to resort to emergency services because the insurance companies only reimburse the full cost of certain treatments up to particular quarterly targets.
Max Schneider (music historian)
Max Schneider (20 July 1875 – 5 May 1967) was a German music historian.
Born in Eisleben, Schneider studied musicology at the University of Leipzig with Hermann Kretzschmar and Hugo Riemann and composition with Salomon Jadassohn.
After his time as second Kapellmeister in Halle from 1897 to 1901 he continued his studies of music history with Kretzschmar.
In 1904 he moved to Berlin, where he worked from 1905 to 1915 as a "scientific assistant" at the .
At the Schneider lernte orchestration and received the title of professor in 1913.
In 1915 he accepted a professorship at the University of Breslau; two years later he obtained his doctorate with a dissertation on the beginnings of the basso continuo.
In Breslau he was from 1927 director of the .
In 1928 he succeeded Arnold Schering as professor for musicology at the Martin-Luther-University Halle-Wittenberg.
After 1933, Schneider was member of the organizations National Socialist Teachers League, Nationalsozialistischer Deutscher Dozentenbund, , and the Reichsluftschutzbund.
In December 1938 he resigned from his post as Dean of the Faculty of Philosophy, which he had held since 1936, "because of the consequences of the "Rosenberg Politic".
After 1945 he joined the Free German Trade Union Federation.
He taught far beyond his Emeritus in 1950 until 1962.
Furthermore he taught music history and score playing at the founded in 1947.
Schneider took on the editorship of the "Bach-Jahrbuch" of the Neue Bachgesellschaft.
This annual publication had been suspended during the war years and the previous editor Arnold Schering had died.
The "Jahrbuch" covering the years 1940-1948 came out in 1947 as Volume 37 (published by Breitkopf & Härtel, Leipzig).
Schneider was co-editor of the "Archiv für Musikwissenschaft" (1918–1927), the ' (1955–1967), the "Hallische Händel-Ausgabe" (from 1955) as well as the series ' (from 1961).
He dealt almost exclusively with the history of music from the late 16th to the middle of the 18th century, in particular with performance practice and source material.
Schneider published important studies on Johann Sebastian Bach's biography and the sources of his works and helped to rehabilitate Georg Philipp Telemann.
From 1955 to 1967 he was president of the in Halle.
In 1961 he was awarded the Handel Music Prize.
Schneider died in Halle at age 91.
His grave is located on the in Halle.
Frank Presbrey
Frank Presbrey was a 20th century advertising pioneer.
He was a member of the Gridiron Club of Washington, Vice President of the National American Advertising Agents Association, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the New York Association, an editor of the Eureka Herald and manager of the national newspaper correspondence bureau at Washington.
Presbrey was the author of ‘The History and Development of Advertising.’ In 1902 he was hired by Pinehurst developer Leonard Tufts to promote Pinehurst as a top tourist destination.
He was an advocate of life insurance advertising, developing PR and procedures for the three largest life insurance firms in 1913 including the New York Life Insurance Company (where he was President).
Presbrey was also credited with conceptualizing the Advertising Agents Association, which later became the American Association of Advertising Agencies.
His was also the Honorary Vice President of the Boy Scouts America and Chairman of the Boys’ Life Committee.
Presbrey was active and influential in the movement that increased the agency commission from 10 to 15 percent and he was also active in forming the Advertising Club of New York.
In 1911 he co-established the Association of New York Advertising Agents together with William H. Johns.
He established ‘Public Opinion’ and was business manager of the ‘Forum.’
Corey Thomas (rugby union)
Mateaki Kafatolu
2019–20 Arizona State Sun Devils men's ice hockey season
The 2019-20 Arizona State Sun Devils men's ice hockey season was the 5th season of play for the program at the Division I level.
The Sun Devils represented Arizona State University and were coached by Greg Powers, in his 10th season.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Mohamed Ben Ismail
Mohamed Ben Ismail (born 8 April 1987) is a Tunisian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Al-Diriyah .
Erik Rudi
Erik Rudi (born 7 January 1975) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder.
He played friendly matches for Lillestrøm SK in 1993, and made his first-team debut in 1994, but was not officially drafted into the first-team squad before 1995.
He did not break through in Lillestrøm, and after three Eliteserien games he continued his career in IL Hødd in 1996, HamKam in 1997–2000, Skeid in 2001–2003, Bærum in 2003–2005 and Strømmen in 2006.
Nonoo
Nonoo is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Wilhelm von Nathusius
Wilhelm Engelhard Nathusius (from 1861 Wilhelm von Nathusius-Königsborn) (27 June 1821, Hundisburg – 25 Dezember 1899, Halle ) was a wealthy Prussian land-owning agriculturist, industrialist, animal breeder, and agronomist who also contributed to studies in zoology, particularly on the eggs of birds.
An English translation of his work on eggshells was published by Cyril Tyler in 1964.
Wilhelm was the sixth of eight children of the industrialist Johann Gottlob Nathusius and Luise née Engelhard (1787–1875).
A maternal great grandfather was the historian Johann Christoph Gatterer.
Wilhelm's brothers included Hermann von Nathusius and Heinrich von Nathusius.
Nathusius was born in the Hundisburg castle but grew up in the neighboring estate of Althaldensleben where he received private tuition from Julius Carl Elster (1803-1881).
His interest in science was kindled by his brother Hermann.
From the age of 14, he was introduced to his father's earthenware industries where he was given adminstrative tasks.
He was trained by the porcelain expert Alexandre Brongniart.
Nathusius studied chemistry in Paris from 1838 under Jean-Baptiste Dumas.
After some time in military service in 1840 he began to study in Berlin.
He then decided to work in agriculture as porcelain did not appear viable.
The castle at Königsborn near Magdeburg was bought by Wilhelm's father in 1834 and taken over by Wilhelm after the death of his father in 1843.
Wilhelm married Marie Johanne von Meibom in Magdeburg on 6 June 1844.
The couple lived in the castle and had six children.
Numerous guests visited and stayed with them including the poet August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben, a friend of Wilhelm who met Marie's friend Elvira Detroit.
The couple were known for their piety and charity, and established a school, an orphan home and a shelter for the old.
Nathusius' estate included about 500 hectares of land.
He conducted experiments on different varieties of crops and tested out new farm machinery.
He also bred horses and conducted studies on the diseases of livestock.
Nathusius's most influential study was on the shells of bird eggs.
He was a collector of bird eggs and published several notes in ornithology journals.
His chemical analysis of eggshells, experiments with polarized light and speculations on the structure of eggs were pioneering and bold for his time.
His egg collections were donated to the museum in Berlin.
He collaborated with the Halle paleontologist Christoph Gottfried Giebel.
He compared the shells of molluscs, crustaceans, and those of eggs but he refused to accept the idea of biological evolution and was an avowed "Anti-Darwinist".
Nathusius was influential in agriculture and was a member of various government bodies.
He was a member of the "Royal Prussian State Economics College" from 1852 until 1878.
He was a founding member of the German Agricultural Society.
For his achievements he was raised to the Prussian nobility on October 18, 1861.
He was a member of the Conservative Party and from 1855 to 1859 he was a representative for the district of Jerichow in the Prussian House of Representatives.
Nathusisu died in Halle and was buried in Menz next to his wife who preceded him by 21 years.
One of Nathusius' grandsons was Wilhelm Gottlob von Nathusius and a great nephew was Gottlob Karl von Nathusius who also worked in the field of ornithology.
Maher Labidi
Maher Labidi (born 1 January 1992) is a Tunisian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Al-Jubail .
Ho Chun Ting
Ho Chun Ting (; born 18 December 1998) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hong Kong Premier League club Tai Po, on loan from Kitchee.
German Nurses Association
The German Nurses Association was founded in 1903 by Agnes Karll, who was later elected President.
It has changed its name several times and is now called “Deutscher Berufsverband für Pflegeberufe” (German Organisation of Nursing Professionals).
It has a central office in Berlin and four regional offices.
It complains that commercial health providers do not keep to employer-union agreed pay rates.
Marquess of O'Shea
Marquess of O'Shea is a noble title in the peerage of Spain, bestoweded on Paloma O'Shea, by King Juan Carlos I on 11 July 2008.
It was granted in recognition of her vast contribution to music and patronage in Spain.
The Marchioness of O'Shea was married to the late Emilio Botín, Executive Chairman of Banco Santander, and is the mother of Ana Botín, who succeeded him in 2014, becoming the 9th most powerful woman in the world, according to "Forbes".
Ewa Skoog Haslum
Rear Admiral Ewa Ann-Sofi Skoog Haslum née "Skoog" (born 26 March 1968) is a Swedish Navy officer.
Skoog was born on 26 March 1968 in Hov Parish, Kristianstad County, Sweden, and she grew up in Torekov.
Skoog Haslum began her career in 1987 as a radio telegraphist on board HSwMS "Stockholm".
She was commissioned as an naval officer in the 2nd Surface Warfare Flotilla ("Andra ytstridsflottiljen") in 1990 with the rank of acting sub-lieutenant ("fänrik").
She was promoted to sub-lieutenant ("löjtnant") there in 1993 and to lieutenant ("kapten") in 1995.
For almost 6 months in 2007, she commanded the corvette in the UNIFIL Maritime Task Force (MTF) and patrolled the coast of Lebanon, to stop gun smugglers and terrorists, and to ensure aid deliveries reach Beirut, and not be cut off by pirates.
From 2010 to 2017, Skoog Haslum served one month a year as "Aide-de-camp" to Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden.
Skoog Haslum was employed by the Swedish Defence University from 1 December 2016 and became the new vice-chancellor of the university in early 2017.
She then came together with the chancellor to lead the Swedish Defence University's development of education, not least with regard to future officer training.
The vice-chancellor is the Swedish Defence University's highest military representative and advises the chancellor.
The vice-chancellor has an important role in the development of the university and is also responsible for collaboration with foreign defense colleges and other international partners in the military field.
The vice-chancellor also acts as exercise leader in major exercises.
In conjunction with the appointment, Skoog Haslum was promoted to rear admiral (lower half).
On 11 December 2019, she was appointed Chief of Navy and will take office on 1 February 2020.
She will at the same time be promoted to rear admiral.
Skoog Haslum is married and has two sons.
Matlock (season 6)
The sixth season of "Matlock" originally aired in the United States on NBC from October 18, 1991 through May 8, 1992.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Annie Roycroft
Annie Roycroft (2 May 1926-11 January 2019), was Ireland's first female newspaper editor, working for the County Down Spectator.
Born Annie Roslyn Roycroft in Bangor, County Down, in May 1926 Roycroft was the fifth of six children born to Kerry woman Annie Stephens and her husband, Cork man Tom Roycroft.
He had worked in the Royal Irish Constabulary which had taken him to County Down.
Roycroft got her education with Bangor Central Public Elementary School and Technical College before going on to get a job with the local newspaper, the County Down Spectator in 1941.
Roycroft began as a junior office assistant but showed a journalists instincts and learned journalistic skills by typing up the reports dictated by the newspapers journalists.
She began submitting local news stories and in 1952 she was taken on as a journalist despite misgivings among the teams locally about a woman working in the field.
She then took a break working as a clerk for North Down Rural Council before being asked to return as the editor for the Spectator.
A member of the National Union of Journalists, so that she knew how to pay her journalists properly, Roycroft had a reputation of standing her ground during reporting of the Troubles.
She left County Down and her role as editor in 1983 when she married Joe Stephens and eventually moved to Cork.
Roycroft was very involved in the Church of Ireland.
She had been a Sunday school teacher from the age of 16.
When she moved to Cork she turned her time to working with the church.
Her husband died before her and Roycroft died in Beaumont, Cork in 2019.
Roycroft wrote her memoirs, "Memoirs of a Scribbler", in 1995.
She is remembered in the book "Bangor In The Eighties" which is dedicated to her.
Pepita Pardell
Pepita Pardell Terrade (March 16, 1928 - July 11 , 2019) was a Spanish animator, cartoonist, illustrator, and painter.
She was a pioneer of animation cinema in Spain.
In 1945, she worked on the first animated film, in color, in Europe.
Pardell was awarded the Creu de Sant Jordi in 2018.
Pepita Pardell Terrade was born in Barcelona, March 16, 1928.
At the age of fourteen, Pardell told her mother that she didn't want to be a dependent.
Her father, from whom she inherited a passion for drawing, let Pardell study at Escola de la Llotja.
Her grandfather, Josep Pardell Mateu, worked with Antoni Gaudí.
Pardell began her career in the field of animation in 1944, when she went to work at the production company Balet y Blay to be part of the "Garbancito de la Mancha" team (1944), which was the first animated feature film in Spain and the first European film of color cartoons, directed by Arturo Moreno.
At Balet and Blay, she also participated in the creation of "Alegres vacaciones" (1948) and "Los sueños de Tay-Pi" (1952).
From 1951 to 1962, Pardell worked as an illustrator, making comics for Ediciones Toray.
In 1962, she went to work for the animation producer Estudios Buch-Sanjuán.
Subsequently, she affiliated with Publivisión, Pegbar Productions, Equipo and Cine Nic.
Throughout her long career, Pardell worked with directors such as Robert Balser and Jordi Amorós.
Pardell died in Barcelona, July 11, 2019.
Too Much Beef
Too Much Beef is a 1936 American Western film written and directed by Robert F. Hill.
The film stars Rex Bell, Constance Bergen, Forrest Taylor, Lloyd Ingraham, Marjorie O'Connell and Vincent Dennis.
The film was released on June 6, 1936, by Grand National Films Inc..
André Gaumond
André Gaumond (3 June 1936 – 14 December 2019) was a Canadian Roman Catholic bishop.
Gaumond was born in Canada and was ordained to the priesthood in 1961.
He served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière, Canada, from 1985 to 1995.
He then served as coadjutor archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sherbrooke, Canada, in 1995 and 1996.
Gaumond then served as archbishop of the Sherbrooke Archdiocese from 1996 to 2011.
Vedlozero
Vedlozero (, ) is an old Karelian village in Russia, the administrative center of the Vedlozero rural settlement of the Pryazhinsky District of the Republic of Karelia.
Located on the northeastern shore of Lake Vedlozero, at the confluence of the Vohta River, 50 km from the regional center.
A pedigree farm, forestry, a secondary school, a kindergarten, a feldsher point, a cultural center, and a library are working.
The Karelian Vieljärvi choir organized in 1938 by I. Levkin is operating.
In 2013, the Karelian Language House () was organized in the village.
The village was first mentioned in a document in the 16th century.
The Vedlozero graveyard was part of the Obonezhskaya Pyatina of the Novgorod feudal republic.
The population in 1989 was 1,445.
Paraplectana rajashree
Paraplectana rajashree is a species of ladybird-mimicking spider described in 2015 from the Western Ghats of Karnataka, India.
Summer Jamboree
Summer Jamboree is an international music festival focused on the culture and music of the 1940s and 1950s.
The event, which has taken place every year since 2000, is planned and organized by the culture association Summer Jamboree and is promoted with the support of the municipality of Senigallia.
The festival usually starts on the last weekend of July and lasts a week.
It involves the entire city: cafes, locals and symbolic places (Piazza del Duca, the Rotonda).
The name is traslated as "party gathering" or "good times"; the origin of the English word "jamboree" is unknown.
The first edition, in 2000, lasted only one day with the performance of four musical groups.
The next year there was a greater participation.
In 2002 the festival began to receive the attention of the mass media, increasing its popularity in Italy.
The 2003 edition consecrated the Summer Jamboree among the top three of its kind in Italy.
In 2005 the festival attracted around 100,000 people during the seven days of the event and the three days of the prefestival; the final evening was attended by 40,000 people.
The 2015 edition, during the 10 days of the event, counted about 400,000 admissions, while the 2017 edition, lasted twelve days and recorded an attendance of 420,000.
The presence of 400,000 spectators in the 2018 edition confirmed the huge success of the event.
During the seven days of the festival, there are a lot of live concerts and DJ sets with swing, rock and roll, jive, doo-wop, rhythm and blues, hillbilly and western swing.
There are dance lessons too.
Some of the musicians are Billy Lee Riley (US), Big Jay Mac Neely (US), Sid & Billy King (US), Huelyn Duvall (US), Charlie Gracie (US), Ray Campi (US), Pep Torres (US), Wee Willie Harris (UK), Danny & The Juniors (US), Barrence Whitfield (US), Bill Haley's Original Comets (US), Good Fellas (ITA), Hormonauts (ITA/SCO), Jimmy Cavallo (US) and Stray Cats (USA).
Samuel Major Gardenhire
Samuel Major Gardenhire (1855-1923) was an American novelist and lawyer.
Governor's Cup (Alaska)
The Governor's Cup is an annual award given to the winner of the most games between Alaska and Alaska Anchorage during each season.
The Governor's Cup was first awarded in 1994 as a way to continue the rivalry between the two Division I programs despite being in separate conferences.
The Cup is awarded to whichever team finishes the season with a better record.
If there is a tie at the end of the season the two teams hold a shootout to decide the champion.
The series was sponsored by Nissan for the first four years and then Alaska Airlines since 1998.
St. Julian's Choral Group
The St. Julian’s Choral Group was formed in March 2003.
The choir is predominantly made up of previous St. Julian’s Choir members.
It is based in the town St. Julian's, Malta.
Ronnie Galea (who was a member of St. Julians Choir since 1974) set up St. Julian’s Choral Group after the St. Julian’s Choir was dissolved some time before.
In 2006 the direction of the choir passed into hands of local baritone Pio Dalli after the previous director of the choir, Mro.
Joseph Gatt, went to fulfil commitments abroad.
Choir organists who had contributed to the choir’s success in the past included Patrick Falzon Grech and Edward Grech.
Currently, the duty of choir organist is entrusted to Marie Claire Gatt.
Over the past years the choir has performed in numerous liturgical services and concerts in various churches and locations in Malta, with the highlight in October 2012, when the group was invited to participate in an annual concert of choirs organised by the ‘Coro La Sissila’ from Montecchio Maggiore in the Province of Vicenza, Italy.
Cyrtarachne sunjoymongai
Cyrtarachne sunjoymongai is a species of orb-weaver spider from the forests of the Western Ghats of Karnataka, India.
It was first formally named in 2015.
Surjit Athwal
Surjit Kaur Athwal was a British Indian woman murdered in an honour killing in India in 1998.
She was 27 at the time.
According to the "Coventry Telegraph" this case involved the first conviction, in a British court, of an honour killing committed outside of the UK.
She was born in Coventry, England, and resided in the Foleshill suburb.
She married Sukhdave Singh Athwal when she was 16 and he was about 26, in a forced marriage.
Sukhdave and his family were Sikh.
Surjit, residing with her husband in Hayes, London Borough of Hillingdon, was employed at London Heathrow Airport in the British customs agency, and she had two children.
After seeking divorce, her mother-in-law, Bachan Kaur Athwal, said that her family would allow a divorce if she agreed to attend two weddings in India; Surjit Kaur decided on 4 December 1998 to travel to India, specifically to Punjab.
She never returned to the UK on the scheduled return date, 18 December of that year.
Bachan and Sukhdave had in fact conspired to have her murdered in India.
The body, deposited in the Ravi River, was never discovered.
Surjit's sister-in-law, Sarbjit Athwal, sought to have the people who conspired to kill Surjit prosecuted.
She contacted British authorities in the 1990s, but they took no action.
In 2005 British authorities re-opened the murder case and had evidence gathered in India.
English courts convicted Bachal and Sukhdave Athwal of offenses.
Bachal was given a life sentence with a minimum tariff of 20 years; Karen McVeigh of "The Guardian" stated that Bachal was "one of the oldest women in criminal history to be jailed for life."
Sukhdave received a life sentence.
2009 appeals against the convictions failed.
social service organisations had custody of Surjit's children.
Surjit's brother, in 2013, was seeking for the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) of India to collect evidence that allows Indian authorities to prosecute the people in India who directly killed Surjit.
Donal McIntyre, a journalist covering the criminal sphere, made a documentary about the case.
Honour killings in India:
Honour killings in the United Kingdom:
Marquess of Borghetto
Marquess of Borghetto is a noble title in the peerage of Spain, granted originally on the peerage of Parma to Catalina de Bassecourt, by Philip I of Parma, member of the Spanish royal family and younger brother of Charles III of Spain, on July 1765.
Catalina de Bassecourt was the honorary lady-in-waiting of Elisabeth Farnese, Queen of Spain as wife of Philip V and mother of the Duke of Parma, and later of María Luisa of Parma.
In 1903, Alfonso XIII recognised it as a title of the Kingdom and peerage of Spain, issuing a Royal Decree in favour of Felipe Morenés y García-Alessón, in memory of his ancestors' parmesan title.
Gail Jones (entrepreneur)
Gail Jones is a British businesswoman and entrepreneur.
She is founder and CEO of the Manchester-based colocation, dedicated and cloud hosting provider, UKFast.
As a child, Jones attended Altrincham School for Girls.
In 1999, she formed UKFast with her partner Lawrence Jones.
The hosting and colocation business operates a data centre complex in Trafford Park, Manchester, and has more 300 employees.
In 2018, the firm's turnover was £53.9 million and the company was valued at £405million.
In 2017 she became the Managing Director, and in 2019, she took over the CEO role.
The same year, Jones and husband Lawrence sold a 30% stake in the business to private equity firm Inflexion.
She has overseen investments in various businesses, including in public sector tech company S-IA in 2017.
Jones and her husband acquired Le Farinet Hotel in Swiss ski resort Verbier in September 2014.
Jones is also a director for cybersecurity firm Secarma, magazine and events creator BusinessCloud and UKFast Properties.
In 2017, Jones joined the board of not-for-profit organisation Tech Manchester.
Jones also sits on the board of Manchester Foundation Trust Charity, which includes Royal Manchester Children's Hospital Charity.
Jones launched the UKFast Community and Education Awards in 2018, and signed the Tech Talent Charter and the Manchester Pride 'All Equals Charter' on behalf of UKFast to drive diversity and inclusion in the technology industry.
Jones is a keen advocate of women in business and technology and often speaks at industry events and works with local schools to redress the gender imbalance in the technology industry.
She maintains a relationship with Altrincham School for Girls, speaking at workshops and welcoming students to UKFast.
Jones also invited pupils from the school to meet HRH Princess Royal while the Princess Royal visited UKFast.
She drives UKFast's CSR efforts and she and husband Lawrence donated £5 million to a dedicated trust following the Inflexion deal in 2018.
Jones has created an ethos at UKFast that is centred on family - boosting the maternity package and reducing working hours to help create a stronger work-life balance for employees.
She is active in the business community, working with awards organisations to recognise and reward others' success.
In 2019, Jones was a judge for the National Business Awards and the Northern Power Women Awards.
In 2018, Jones was awarded the ICCC Caring Citizen of the Humanities Award.
She was named in the Northern Power Women List in 2016 and 2019.
She was also listed in the 2018 and 2019 Most Influential Women in Tech List collated by Computer Weekly.
Gail and Lawrence Jones have four daughters.
They live in Cheshire, England.
Julius Nielsen
Julius Nielsen (27 December 1901 – 1981), was a Danish chess player, two-times Danish Chess Championship medalist (1934, 1943), Correspondence Chess International Master (1967).
From the 1930s to the 1940s, Julius Nielsen was one of Danish leading chess players.
He participated many times in the finals of Danish Chess Championships and two times won medal: in 1934 in Vejle won bronze medal and 1943 in Helsingør won silver medal.
Julius Nielsen played for Denmark in the Chess Olympiads:
Julius Nielsen played for Denmark in the unofficial Chess Olympiad:
In his youth, Julius Nielsen played actively correspondence chess and known for his victory in a correspondence chess tournament over a future grandmaster Paul Keres.
Julius Nielsen returned to the correspondence game in the postwar years.
He achieved great success in the 1960-1970s.
Two times Julius Nielsen participated in World Correspondence Chess Championship finals:
In 1967 Julius Nielsen received the Correspondence Chess International Master title.
Duan Jin
Duan Jin (; born ) is a Chinese planner and professor at Southeast University.
Duan was born in Nanjing, Jiangsu in December 1960.
He received his master's degree and doctor's degree from Tianjin University in 1982 and 1985, respectively.
He earned his doctor's degree from Southeast University under the direction of Qi Kang.
From September 1990 to January 1992 he was a visiting scholar at Catholic University of Leuven.
He joined the faculty of Southeast University in April 2003, what he was promoted to deputy dean of its School of Architecture in November 2003 and to director of its Institute of Urban Space in September 2005.
Perish the Thought
Perish the Thought is the tenth studio album by British band The Nightingales.
It was
recorded in May 2018 at the Faust Studio, Scheer, Germany.
Ged Babey of Louder Than War awarded the re-release 9/10 and wrote that the album "is out of step and awkward as ever, but quite possibly their most fully realised album since Out of True".
Lorna Irvine of The Wee Review summarized "Difficult, brilliant music for tough times from midlands four-piece" God is in the TV webzine gave the album an 8 and wrote: "A cracking addition to an already scintillating catalogue".
List of professors at the Roman law school of Beirut
Extant ancient texts provide a list of the names and deeds of some of the Roman law school of Beirut's professorial body.
Seven of the most notable Beirut professors were styled "Ecumenical Masters"; they were largely responsible for the revival of legal education in the Eastern Roman Empire.
Beirut law school professors were involved in drafting parts of the Justinian's "Corpus Juris Civilis," namely the Digest and the Institutes"."
The scarce sources include historical accounts, works of legal scholarship, anthologies, ancient correspondences and funerary inscriptions.
Below is a list that includes the dates of service of each of the identified law professors:
Antioch-based rhetoric teacher Libanius wrote many letters of correspondence to Domninus the Elder, a 4th-century law school professor.
In 360, Libanius invited Domninus to leave Beirut and teach with him at the rhetoric school of Antioch.
Domninus apparently declined the offer, since later correspondence to him from Libanius, between 361 and 364, served as recommendations for law school candidates.
The most brilliant era of Beirut's law school, spanning the century between 400 and 500, was known as the era of the "Ecumenical Masters" (Greek: τῆς οἰκουμένης διδάσκαλοι).
During this period, a succession of seven highly esteemed law masters was largely responsible for the revival of legal education in the Eastern Roman Empire.
The seven revered masters, cited with praise by 6th-century scholars, were Cyrillus, Patricius, Domninus, Demosthenes, Eudoxius, Leontius and Amblichus.
Cyrillus was the founder of the ecumenical school of jurists.
He is believed to have taught as of or .
Styled "the great" due to his reputation as a teacher, he was known for his direct use of ancient sources of law and for interpreting jurists such as Ulpian and Papinian.
Cyrillus wrote a precise treatise on definitions that supplied the materials for many important "scholia" appended to the first and second titles of the eleventh book of the "Basilica".
Patricius was praised in the third preface of the Justinian Digest ("Tanta-Dedoken") as a distinguished professor of the Beirut law school.
Archaeological excavations done in Beirut at the turn of the 20th century revealed a funerary monument believed to have belonged to Patricius.
The son of Eudoxius, Leontius was described by ecclesiastical historian Zacharias Rhetor, who was his first-year student in 487 or 488, to have a great reputation in the legal field.
He was raised to the office of Praetorian prefect of the East under Emperor Anastasius I between 503 and 504, and became Magister militum in 528.
Leontius was also involved as a commissioner in the preparation of the first codex of Justinian.
His contemporary, Amblichus, wrote a commentary on Ulpian's "Libri ad Edictum".
Historical sources also tell of Euxenius, a teacher at the Beirut law school who taught during the times of the "Ecumenical Masters".
Euxenius was the brother of the city's bishop Eustathius and was involved in the 460 religious controversy caused by Timothy Aelurus, which opposed the Miaphysites to the followers of the Council of Chalcedon.
Several Beirut professors contributed to the "Corpus Juris Civilis," a fundamental work in Roman jurisprudence.
Dorotheus, Anatolius (son of Leontius) and Julianus were school professors contemporary to Justinian I.
The first two were summoned to the imperial court and commissioned to draft the "Digesta".
Under the supervision of Tribonian, Dorotheus also collaborated with Theophilus, a Constantinopolitan law teacher, in drafting the "Institutiones".
Julianus, the last known professor of Beirut's law school, was extolled by Theaetetus as "the light of the law".
After the massive 551 Beirut earthquake, Julianus left Beirut and settled in Constantinople, where he authored the "Epitome Iuliani" in 555.
Under Justinian, there were eight teachers in the law schools of the Byzantine Empire, presumably four in each of Beirut and Constantinople's schools.
Justinian mandated the supervision and enforcement of discipline in the school of Beirut to the teachers, the city's bishop and the governor of Phoenicia Maritima.
Kaveesh Kumara
Kaveesh Kumara (born 10 February 1998) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his List A debut on 16 December 2019, for Galle Cricket Club in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament.
Elastic (notion)
In sewing, elastic is a notion which is sold in narrow strips and generally serves to increase the ability of garment to stretch, either to accommodate movement or to make the garment suitable for wearers of many different physical sizes.
Elastic comes in four forms forms of construction, each with costs and benefits.
The component which performs the actual stretching is made of either rubber or a synthetic material such as spandex; this stretching component is then covered with polyester, cotton, nylon, or a combination of these or other fibers which allow it to be attached to clothing.
High-quality elastic is able to be stretched to twice its original length and then return to its unflexed state without showing appreciable wear.
Elastics may be either braided, knitted, woven, or transparent.
Braided elastic, the most common form of elastic, becomes more narrow as it stretches.
Stitching or piercing this kind of elastic causes it to quickly lose its ability to return to its original shape (a ball-point sewing needle will minimize this damage).
It has distinct parallel ribs along its surface, and is used for hems, swimwear, and leg bands.
Knitted elastic is considered soft, lightweight, and quite strong.
It does not narrow when stretched, and piercing it with a needle does not affect its ability to return to its original shape.
It is considered practical for lightweight fabrics.
Woven elastic is very strong, and is thicker than other forms of elastic.
It is used for items such as upholstery and car covers.
It has both crosswise and lengthwise ribs, making it resemble a window pane.
It does not narrow when stretched nor is it affected by being pierced.
Transparent elastic is actually transparent polyurethane and it is not braided, knitted, or woven.
It can stretch to three or four times its original length with complete recovery to its former shape.
Because rubber is made of latex, some elastics are now made without rubber, particularly those used in the medical fields.
The most common elastics, however, are made from latex-based rubber and polyester fibers— these forms tend to hold up well to being worn and washed regularly.
Elastics made with nylon tend to have a soft luster to them, and are used for lingerie and some swimwear.
They do not tolerate high heat, and should not be exposed to high temperatures inside a dryer.
Other elastics are made with cotton, which tends to shrink slightly after being worn and washed but is very versatile and is an all-natural alternative to man-made fibers.
Kavindu Ediriweera
Kavindu Ediriweera (born 8 July 1999) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his List A debut on 16 December 2019, for Galle Cricket Club in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 4 January 2020, for Galle Cricket Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
Pati Patni Aur Woh (disambiguation)
Pati Patni Aur Woh may refer to:
2018–2020 CAVB Beach Volleyball Continental Cup
The 2018–2020 CAVB Beach Volleyball Continental Cup were a beach volleyball double-gender event.
Teams were split into groups of four, where an elimination bracket determined the 2 teams to advance to the next stage from the sub-zones.
The winners of the event qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Senator Abbott
Senator Abbott may refer to:
Vinura Dulsara
Vinura Dulsara (born 24 June 2000) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his List A debut on 16 December 2019, for Galle Cricket Club in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament.
He made his Twenty20 debut on 6 January 2020, for Galle Cricket Club in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament.
2019–20 Alaska Nanooks men's ice hockey season
The 2019-20 Alaska Nanooks men's ice hockey season was the 71st season of play for the program, the 36th at the Division I level and the 7th in the WCHA conference.
The Nanooks represented the University of Alaska Fairbanks and were coached by Erik Largen, in his 2nd season.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Kavika Dilshan
Kavika Dilshan (born 18 February 2000) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He made his List A debut on 16 December 2019, for Galle Cricket Club in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament.
2018 African Swimming Championships – Women's 200 metre breaststroke
The Women's 200 metre breaststroke competition of the 2018 African Swimming Championships was held on 11 September 2018.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The heats were started on 11 September at 11:20.
The final was started on 11 September.
Jia Zhenyuan
Jia Zhenyuan (; born July 1963) is a Chinese mechanical engineering expert and professor at Dalian University of Technology.
He has been vice-president of Dalian University of Technology since March 2015.
Jia was born in Liaoning province in July 1963.
He earned his bachelor's degree in 1984, anmaster's degree in 1987, and doctor's degree in 1990, all from Dalian University of Technology.
After graduation, he taught at there, where he was promoted to associate professor in October 1992 and to full professor in August 1996.
In September 1999 he became deputy dean of its School of Mechanical Engineering, rising to dean in May 2003.
He was a visiting professor at the University of Michigan between February 2002 and February 2003.
In March 2015 he was promoted again to become vice-president of Dalian University of Technology.
He made contribution to the processing of high performance carbon fiber composite components, which led him won the First Class of State Technological Invention Award in 2017.
Arbanaška vera
Arbanaška vera (Alb.
"Feja Katolike shqiptare") (Eng: "Albanian Catholic faith") (German: "Albanischen Glauben") was the 14th century Serbian antonomasic denunciation of Catholic Albanians in Shkodër, Zeta, Kosovo, Macedonia and other regions modern day Northern Albania.
In the Dušan's Code, the Albanians were mentioned as "latin believers", "heretic latins" or "non-believers" and that if a 'Christian' (Orthodox) would adopt the azymite rite, he was to be exhorted to the Orthodox faith.
The term was first used by Pjetër Bogdani in his "Cvnevs Prophetarum" when he mentioned the "shkietë" (Slavs) using the term to describe the Albanian faith.
The term helped create a necessary differentiation of Christian Albanian culture through out the centuries.
Other similar etnhonyms for the Albanians were "Arbanaš", "arbanaški", "jezik" or "latins" as it is mentioned in the year 1300 in Shen Gjergjit close to Skopje.
Fergus Leung
Fergus Leung Fong-wai (梁晃維; born 1997) is a District Councillor for the
Kwun Lung constituency in Hong Kong.
Running as an
independent, he won the seat in the 2019 election with 50.69%
(3,195) of the vote.
Fergus Leung was previously external affairs
secretary of the student union while studying biomedicine at the University of Hong Kong where he was critical of suspension of two students protesting a Mandarin language graduation at Hong Kong Baptist University.
Leung formed an interest in politics in high school, taking part in Hong Kong's 2014 Umbrella Movement.
Li Dongxu
Li Dongxu (; born October 1956) is a Chinese female scientist and professor at the National University of Defense Technology.
Regina Asamany
Regina Asamany was a Ghanaian politician who hailed from Kpando, a town in the Volta Region of Ghana.
She is widely recognised as one of the women whose efforts helped Ghana attain independence.
She was the daughter of an ivory carver and the only woman to make it into the first rank of the Togoland Congress leadership in the 1950s.
She was a member of parliament representing the Volta Region from 1960 to 1965 and the member of parliament for Kpando from 1965 to 1966.
Asamany was born on 30 July 1927 at Kpando in the Volta Region.
She had her early education at Kpando Presbyterian School from 1935 to 1940 and later moved to Kumasi Government Girls' School from 1941 to 1944.
Asamany was among the first women to enter the parliament of Ghana in 1960 under the representation of the people (women members) act.
She was among the 10 women who were elected unopposed on 27 June 1960 on the ticket Convention People's Party.
While in parliament, she served as the deputy Minister of Labour and Social Welfare from 1961 to 1963.
Prior to entering parliament, she worked at the Ministry of Labour and Social Welfare as mass education assistant.
She was an Executive Member of National Council of Ghana Women, Trustee of the Kwame Nkrumah Trust Fund and the Chairman of the Visiting Committee of Borstal Institutes.
In 1979, she founded the Mother Ghana Solidarity Party with the intention to contest for presidency in the 1979 general elections but was unable to contest as she missed the registration deadline by a few minutes because the cheque for the registration fee had delayed.
Her hobbies were gardening, playing lawn tennis, dancing and photography.
Bombadil
Bombadil may refer to:
Rian Firmansyah
Muhammad Rian Firmansyah (born in December 16, 1998) is an Indonesian professional football player who currently plays as a right winger for Liga 1 club Bali United.
He was signed for Sarawak FA from Persipon to played in Malaysia Premier League on 15 January 2019.
On 15 September 2019, Rian officially signed a year and a half contract with Bali United.
He signed after a month trial and had chance to prove himself in Trofeo Hamengku Buwono X. Bali United registered him for 2019 Liga 1 to completes the quota of U-23 players, because Hanis Saghara Putra still out injured.
He played his first official match for Bali United in Liga 1 when he came as a substitute for Irfan Bachdim in a match against Arema on 16 December 2019.
Canadian television awards
Canadian television awards are or were given by several organizations for contributions in various fields of television in Canada.
They include national and regional (British Columbia, Alberta, Quebec) awards.
The Gemini Awards were awards given by the Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television to recognize the achievements of Canada's television industry.
First held in 1986 to replace the ACTRA Award, in April 2012, the Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television announced that the Gemini Awards and the Genie Awards would be discontinued and replaced by a new award ceremony dedicated to all forms of Canadian media, including television, film, and digital media.
The Leo Awards are the awards program for the British Columbia film and television industry.
Death Come True
"Death Come True" is an adventure game in which the player is tasked with finding clues and uncovering the truth of the protagonist's actions.
The player has the ability to "time leap" with which the protagonist can be send to the past.
The protagonist, Makoto Karaki (Kanata Hongō), wakes up in a strange hotel room and has lost all of his memories.
When turning on the TV, he finds out that he is a serial killer.
"Death Come True" is being developed by Too Kyo Games and published by Izanagi Games for Android, iOS, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.
The game is set to release in 2020.
Co-therapy
Co-therapy or conjoint therapy is a kind of psychotherapy conducted with more than one therapist present.
This kind of therapy is especially applied during couple therapy.
Carl Whitaker and Virginia Satir are credited as the founders of co-therapy.
Qatar National Library station
The Qatar National Library station is a station on the Doha Metro's Green Line in the Al Shagub district.
It serves the municipality of Al Rayyan, specifically Al Shagub and other districts associated with Education City and Qatar Foundation.
It is found on Al Luqta Street, beside the Qatar National Library.
The station currently has no metrolinks.
Facilities on the premises include restrooms and a prayer room.
The station was opened to the public on 10 December, 2019 along with the other stations of the Green Line (also known as the "Education Line").
Punjab University Law College
The Punjab University Law College (Punjabi:پنجاب یونیورسٹی قانون کالج abbreviated as "PULC") also known as University Law College is a constituent college of University of the Punjab.
It was established in 1868 (fourteen years before the University of the Punjab) and located at the Quaid-e-Azam campus, also known as "new campus" of the Punjab University, near Canal Bank Road, Lahore.
The College is advertised as the finest and oldest seat of legal learning in the country.
A number of eminent bureaucrats, politicians, lawyers and judges of higher and superior judiciary are graduates of the college.
The following undergraduate, graduate and post-graduate degree programs are being offered by the college:
Diploma programs in the following subjects are available:
Mamut Saine
Mamut Saine (born 31 December 1993) is a Gambian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Al-Qaisumah .
Hommels
Hommels is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Pucker Up (disambiguation)
Pucker Up is a 1980 album by American disco act Lipps, Inc.
Pucker Up may also refer to:
Mao Ming
Mao Ming (; born September 1962) is a Chinese weaponeer currently serving as a researcher at the No.201 Research Institute of China North Industries Group.
Mao was born in Xian'an District of Xianning, Hubei in September 1962.
In September 1979 he entered Wuhan Institute of Hydraulic and Electric Engineering (now Wuhan University), majoring in the Department of Mechanical Engineering, where he graduated in July 1983.
He earned his master's degree from China North Vehicle Research Institute in December 1985 and doctor's degree in automobile engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology in March 1989.
He worked in China North Vehicle Research Institute since December 1985, what he was promoted to deputy director in November 1996 and to director in July 2001.
He was the chief designer of Type 99A tank, a Chinese third generation main battle tank (MBT).
Pang Ka-ho
Pang Ka-ho is a District Councillor for the Sai Wan constituency of Hong Kong.
Running as an independent candidate in the 2019 elections he won the seat with 56.48% (3,289) of the vote.
Pang Ka-ho is a student at University of Hong Kong and at 21 was just old enough to run for the election.
Slim Zakar
Slim Zakar(born 26 March 1991) is a Tunisian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Al-Sahel .
2020 Tuscan regional election
The 2020 Tuscan regional election will take place in Tuscany, Italy, on 31 May 2020.
Tuscany uses its own legislation of 2014 to elect its Regional Council.
The councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the D'Hondt method.
Florence constituency is further divided into 4 sub-constituencies.
Preferential voting is allowed: a maximum of two preferences can be expressed for candidates of the same party list and provided the two chosen candidates are of different gender.
In this system parties are grouped in alliances, supporting a candidate for the post of President of Tuscany.
The candidate receiving at least 40% of the votes is elected to the post and his/her list (or the coalition) is awarded a majority in the Regional Council.
If no candidate gets more than 40% of the votes, a run-off is held fourteen days after, with only the two top candidates from the first round allowed.
The winning candidate is assured a majority in the Regional Council.
According to the official 2011 Italian census, the 40 Council seats which must be covered by proportional representation are so distributed between Tuscan provinces.
The number of seats to be assigned in each province is the following:
The Province of Florence is further divided into smaller electoral colleges.
Kiko Seike
Seike was born in Tokyo on August 8, 1996.
She joined Nadeshiko League club Urawa Reds from youth team in 2014.
She played many matches as forward from first season and was selected Best Young Player Award.
In 2019 season, she was converted to right side back.
In December 2019, Seike was selected Japan national team for 2019 EAFF E-1 Football Championship.
At this tournament, she debuted as right side back against Chinese Taipei on December 11.
She also scored a goal in this match.
Mohamed Ouazzani
Mohamed Ouazzani(born 28 January 1990) born in Saudi Arabia is a Tunisian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hajer .
SS Sidney Lanier
SS "Sidney Lanier" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after Sidney Lanier, an American musician, poet and author.
"Sidney Lanier" was laid down on 22 October 1942, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1197, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Mrs. Thomas W. Ryan, Jr., the wife of the corporate director of the St. John's River SB Co., she was launched on 22 May 1943.
She was allocated to Seas Shipping Co., Inc., on 7 July 1943.
On 6 December 1946, she was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Astoria, Oregon.
On 22 April 1955, she was withdrawn from the fleet to be prepared for loading with grain under the "Grain Program 1955", she returned unloaded on 2 May 1955.
She was sold for scrapping, on 14 March 1961, to Schnitzer Brothers, for $56,785.21.
She was withdrawn from the fleet, 25 May 1961.
Lac au Bouleau (Mont-Élie)
The Lac au Bouleau is a body of water crossed from south to north by the Petit Saguenay River, in the unorganized territory of Mont-Élie, in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality of the administrative region Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, in Canada.
The south-eastern part of lac au Sable is served by the forest road R064.
This road approaches to south of Lac au Bouleau.
Forestry is the sector's main economic activity; recreotourism activities, second.
The surface of Lac au Bouleau is usually frozen from the end of November to the beginning of April, however safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to the end of March.
The main watersheds neighboring "Lac au Bouleau" are:
Lac au Bouleau has a length of in the form of winter boots for women; the tip of the toes being the arrival of the current, while the current leaves from the north.
The Petit Saguenay river successively crosses Sable Lake from south to north (length: ; altitude: ), Lac au Bouleau (length: ; altitude: ) and the eastern part of Lac Emmuraillé (length: ; altitude: ).
The mouth of Lac au Bouleau is located at:
From the mouth of "Lac au Bouleau", the current descends the Petit Saguenay River for to the northeast, then north to the south shore of the Saguenay river that the current crosses on eastwards to Tadoussac where this last river flows into the St. Lawrence River.
Birch is a type of tree common in cold and temperate regions.
This tree has white bark and small leaves.
Its wood is often used in carpentry and cabinetmaking.
It is also used in the manufacture of paper.
The toponym lac au Bouleau was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Gaelic Society of Dublin
The Gaelic Society of Dublin was an effort to save and support the Irish Language.
The society first met on January 19, 1807, Theophilus O'Flanagan AB, acted as its first secretary.
Involved in the setting up of the society were Dr. John Lanigan, Richard MacElligott, Edward O'Reilly, William Halliday, and Maynooth College Irish Professor Father Paul O'Brien.
Pat Lynch acted as secretary from 1815.
In 1808, "The Transactions of the Gaelic Society of Dublin", this was one of the first printed documents on the Irish Language and documented Gaelic customs such as the Brehon Laws.
The society petered out.
A number of years later another effort was made by some of those involved in the society in the establishment of the Iberno-Celtic Society in 1818, another initiative was the Irish Archaeological Society, 1840 (which merged with the, 1845 established Dublin Celtic Society in 1854).
The Ossianic Society established in Dublin 1853, was a rival to the "Irish Archaeological and Celtic Society".
Other efforts were made by the "Society for the Preservation of the Irish Language" in 1877, and its successor in the Gaelic Union in 1880.
Ultimately the Gaelic revival succeeded with the successful establishment of the Gaelic League in 1892.
The Armageddon Network
The Armageddon Network is a non-fiction book by Michael Saba about possible espionage in the United States government for the state of Israel.
The author sheds light on a handful of U.S. government officials seemingly using their positions to benefit Israel.
The title, The Armageddon Network, refers to this group of people and the possible threat they pose to "U.S. national security and world peace".
On March 9, 1978, Michael Saba was waiting to meet someone in the coffee shop of the Madison Hotel in Washington D.C.. As he sat reading a newspaper, the three Hebrew-speaking men, later identified as Israeli officials, sitting at an adjacent table were joined by a fourth who was introduced as "Stephen Bryen of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee".
What he overheard soon led to an FBI investigation, and took Saba "down a path of inquiry which would reveal to me the activities of a small group of influential U.S. policy-makers who used their positions to shape American policy - regardless of the economic and strategic costs - so as to favor the military interests of the Israeli Government."
The conversation between Stephen Bryen and the Israeli officials covered the following subjects:
On April 1, 1978 the Associated Press broke the story about Stephen Bryen's meeting with the Israeli officials.
Five days later the Washington Post mentioned the affair and noted that Bryen was leaving his position at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in order to "prepare for his upcoming wedding."
Saba is later informed by a reporter that Bryen didn't actually leave his job with the committee until February 9, 1979 when he took a position with the Coalition for a Democratic Majority.
Bryen's career up till then had been spent on the Republican side of the aisle.
As the Justice Department investigation into Stephen Bryen continued, Saba took up his own investigation of Stephen Bryen and his colleagues.
The Coalition for a Democratic Majority was founded by Senator Henry M. Jackson, Daniel Patrick Moynihan, and other hawkish Democrats.
This coalition was home to many public figures who came to be known as neoconservatives who were basically social liberals who favored a high military budgets and interventionist foreign policies in order to benefit Israel.
Bryen's lawyer insisted on many preconditions controlling the subject matter of any questions he would be willing to answer in sworn deposition with the Justice Department.
The Justice Department investigators, John Davitt and Joel Lisker, considered these conditions to be too restrictive and, in a memo to their supervisor, Assistant Attorney General of the Criminal Division, Philip Heymann, said "we urge strongly" completing the inquiry before an investigative grand jury.
The memo goes on to state:Some of the unresolved questions thus far, which suggest that Bryen is (a) gathering classified information for the Israelis, (b) acting as their unregistered foreign agent and (c) lying about it, are as follows: [Following five-and-one-half pages blacked out]
For the months following Davitt and Lisker's fruitless negotiations with Bryen's attorney to get Bryen to submit to an interview under oath, Phillip B. Heymann appointed Deputy Assistant Attorney General Robert Keuch to take over for them.
Bryen's attorney continued to insist that, among other things, Justice Department investigators be barred from asking Bryen about his relations with the Israel lobby.
Eventually, Keuch also failed to come to terms with Bryen's attorney on a sworn deposition of his client.
Keuch, like Davitt and Lisker, came to the conclusion that Bryen should be brought before a grand jury.
He wrote a memo to Heymann recommending this course of action.
Despite two recommendations to bring the case to a grand jury, Deputy Attorney General Phillip Heymann, after further communications with Bryen's lawyer, decided to allow the suspected foreign agent to go ahead with a sworn deposition instead - a restricted deposition that would bar any questions about any matters beyond those specified by Bryen's lawyer, including Bryen's connections to the Israel lobby.
As Joel Lisker, Chief of the Registration Unit at the Justice Department, turned his attention to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, he encountered some more difficulties.
The Committee counsel, Patrick Shea, demanded he be allowed to attend all interviews of committee staff.
A Defense Week article quoted an unnamed source in the Justice Department as saying the presence of the committee lawyer had a chilling effect on the interviewees.
Senator Richard Stone, a committee member, insisted on screening all documents investigators requested.
Before all the requested documents were received Heymann ordered Lisker to go ahead with the deposition of Stephen Bryan.
Stephen Bryen, Bryen's lawyer Nathan Lewin, and his employer Senator Clifford Case of New jersey, and demanded and were granted the right to screen all requested documents and assert privilege over those authored by Bryen or Case.
Heymann insisted Lisker proceed with the deposition prior to being allowed to review the Foreign Relations Committee documents.
Apparently Bryen's deposition or a description of it was not included in the many government documents the Saba acquired via FOIA requests, upon which much of The Armageddon Report is based.
The Justice Department closed the case in October 1979 before Lisker received any Senate documents or finished deposing Stephen Bryen.
Saba reveals a troubling undisclosed relationship between Phillip Heymann, the deputy attorney general who refused to take the Stephen Bryen case to a grand jury, and Nathan Lewin, Stephen Bryen's attorney.
Heymann and Lewin were old friends.
Both attended Harvard Law School at the same time where Lewin was editor of the Harvard Law Review for two years prior to Heymann becoming editor while Lewin became treasurer.
Heyman clerked for Supreme Court Justice John Harlan from 1960-1961 and Lewin clerked for him from 1961-62.
In fact both men's careers follow an identical pattern: After the Supreme Court, Heymann joined the Justice Department's Office of Solicitor General and after his stint at the Court, Lewin joined the very same office.
Heyman then moved to the State Department's Bureau of Security and Consular Affairs where he became administrator, He was joined by Lewin, who became deputy administrator in 1965.
Heymann then went bact to Harvard to teach law, and sure enough Lewin a few years later did the same.
Saba cites a source who says when Heymann returned to Washington to work again at the Justice Department in 1978, he stayed as a house guest of Nathan Lewin.
The extensive relationship between Phillip Heymann and Nathan Lewin raises the question of why Heymann did not recuse himself from the Stephen Bryen investigation.
The decision not to go to a grand jury and the subsequent concessions made to Nathan Lewin by Heymann reside under the suspicion of undue influence.
The suspicion of disloyalty cast upon him by the exposure of the meeting in the coffee shop of the Madison Hotel did not seem to do any harm to Bryen's career in government as, after a short stint as Executive Director of the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs (JINSA), Bryen took a position as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Policy Richard Perle during the Reagan administration.
Perle was well known as a Jewish nationalist partisan in the corridors of power in Washington.
Like Bryen, Perle fell under suspicion of spying for Israel when he was caught on an FBI phone tap discussing classified material, evidently supplied to him by Kissinger aide Helmut Sonnenfeldt, with someone in the Israeli embassy.
Perle also failed to disclose his work as a consultant for an Israeli arms manufacturer whose fee of fifty thousand dollars he received the same month he started work as Assistant Secretary for International Security Policy at the Pentagon.
He then wrote a memo recommending the company as a supplier of mortars.
The National Association of Arab-Americans, for whom Saba once worked, sent letters warning numerous members of Congress and government officials of the security threat Bryen posed.
No one on the Senate Armed Services Committee asked about Bryen or Perle's attachment to a certain foreign country in the Levant.
After the hearing Senator Jeremiah Denton asked requested in writing that Perle answer several questions regarding the Bryen espionage investigation.
Perle denied Bryen's involvement in any espionage and vouched for his loyalty and integrity.
Senator James Exon went so far as to place a hold on Perle's confirmation until he could review Bryen's file, but was convinced to lift the hold by other senators.
Richard Perle and Stephen Bryen were confirmed in their Assistant Secretary and Deputy Assistant Secretary positions at the Pentagon on August 3, 1981.
One of the investigators who worked the Stephen Bryen case for the Justice Department said: I was watching the television one night when Bryen came on the screen.
I almost fell out of my chair when I saw that he was the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense.
How in the world could they let that happen?
Håkan Arvidsson
Håkan Arvidsson (born 14 April 1953) is a former Swedish football player.
During his club career, Arvidsson played for Östers IF, Vederslöv/Dännigelanda IF and Kalmar FF.
Arvidsson made 17 appearances for the Sweden national football team, between 1976 and 1980.
Akari Kurishima
Kurishima was born in Chiba Prefecture on September 14, 1994.
She joined Nadeshiko League club Urawa Reds in 2013.
In December 2019, Kurishima was selected Japan national team for 2019 EAFF E-1 Football Championship.
At this tournament, she debuted as defensive midfielder against Chinese Taipei on December 11.
Sam Yip
Sam Yip Kam-lung is a District Councillor for the Shek Tong Tsui constituency of Hong Kong.
Running as a non-partisan candidate for the 2019 elections he won the seat with 55.27% (3,087) of the vote.
From February 2016, Sam Yip ran a 'shadow' district
council to "host community photography classes, set up mobile book exchange
counters, and teach senior citizens how to use mobile phones (whilst filtering
“fake news” circulating on their Whatsapp groups).
The venue was also opened up
to NGOs."
2018 African Swimming Championships – Women's 50 metre butterfly
The Women's 50 metre butterfly competition of the 2018 African Swimming Championships was held on 11 September 2018.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following new records were set during this competition.
The heats were started on 11 September at 11:40.
The final was started on 11 September.
Foro Annonario, Senigallia
The Foro Annonario of Senigallia, in Italy, is an important historical building in the city.
The Foro Annonario of Senigallia it’s near the Misa river and piazza Roma, in the town centre.
The structure has been designed by the architect Pietro Ghinelli in 1834; the Foro is built in neoclassical style with 24 columns in Doric style that compose an arcade.
The structure is built of bricks.
Above the arcade, there are the local library and archive.
The Foro was used for the fish sale and the farmers’ market.
Beatriz Taibo
Beatriz Taibo (March 10, 1932 – March 2, 2019) was an Argentinian film and TV actor.
Taibo was born in San Telmo in 1932.
In 1942 Taibo began to act as part of the Marilyn Gang, and she began to get work on the radio, as a host and broadcaster.
From her time as an announcer she was left with the nickname "Moth", for because of the adverts she made for moth balls.
Taibo would made her film debut in "The Millions of Semillita" in 1950 if the film had been released.
Fittingly she was in a film based on a radio series which told the adventures of the Garcia family who moved.
In the 1960s she made some commercials for Lux soap.
Taibo and Antonio Carrizo hosted a program on ratings leader Radio Belgrano, in which the duo became known for announcing advertisements in the form of a dialogue.
Taibo, for example, might ask: ""Traffic's at a standstill.
What do you think happened?""
to which Carrizo would answer ""A Sunlight girl must have walked by!""
She appeared in the theatre, notably in the play "Boeing-Boeing", which ran for four seasons and whose cast included Ernesto Bianco, Paulette Christian, Ambar La Fox, Osvaldo Miranda and her friend Nelly Beltrán.
In 1955 she appeared with Tita Merello in "Para vestir santos" ("To Dress Saints"), which was directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson.
She and Yuki Nambá had supporting roles.
In the 1960s she was extending her acting to television, where she appeared in leading soaps such as "Inconquistable Viviana Holguera", "Adorable Professor Aldao" and "Juana Rebelde".
She notably starred in Jorge Bellizzi and Abel Santa Cruz's "Call Me Sparrow", a TV comedy where Taibo played a woman who had to pretend to be a man at work.
Mike Alexander (businessman)
Michael Richard Alexander FIET FIGEM FIChemE (born 17 November 1947) is a British engineer and businessman, and a former chief executive of British Energy.
He attended grammar school in Southport (then in Lancashire, now in Merseyside).
From the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology he obtained a first-class BSc degree in Chemical Engineering, then an MSc degree in Control Engineering.
He joined BP in 1966.
He joined British Gas (BG) in 1991.
From 1993 to 1996 he was Managing Director of Public Gas Supply.
The Public Gas Supply division was merged with the Business Gas division.
From 1996 to December 2001 he was Managing Director of British Gas.
On 17 February 1997, Centrica was formed, with BG Group (former British Gas exploration).
On 1 January 2002 Mark Clare took over as Managing Director of British Gas Residential Energy.
From became Chief Operating Officer of Centrica on 1 January 2002, leaving at the end of February 2002.
On 1 March 2003 he became the chief executive of British Energy.
On 22 March 2005 he was removed as chief executive of British Energy, when aged 56.
British Energy was the largest producer of electricity in the UK.
From 2008 to 2009 he was the Chairman of the Association of Train Operating Companies (ATOC, now the Rail Delivery Group).
He divorced in 2011.
He has two sons.
He lives in Chalfont St Peter.
Latin American television awards
Latin American television awards are or were given by several organizations for contributions in various fields of television in Latin America.
Al Shaqab station
Al Shaqab station is a station on the Doha Metro's Green Line.
Contrary to its name, the station is located on Huwar Street in Old Al Rayyan, but is near the border with Al Shaqab (also spelled "Al Shagub").
It serves the municipality of Al Rayyan, specifically Education City, Al Shaqab, Old Al Rayyan, Al Luqta and the suburb of Ain Al Rakheesa.
The station currently has no metrolinks.
Facilities on the premises include restrooms and a prayer room.
The station was opened to the public on 10 December, 2019 along with the other stations of the Green Line, which is also known as the "Education Line".
It is served by bus routes 42, 45 and 57.
H3K14ac
H3K14ac is an epigenetic modification to the DNA packaging protein Histone H3.
It is a mark that indicates the acetylation at the 14th lysine residue of the histone H3 protein.
H3K14ac has not been widely studied partly due to previous lack of commercially available antibody.
H3K9ac and H3K14ac have been shown to be part of the active promoter state.
They are also present over bivalent promoters and active enhancers.
H3K14ac is also enriched over a subset of inactive promoters.
The Tudor domain of the H3K9 methyltransferase SETDB1 binds to methylated H3 with both K14 acetylation and K9 methylation.
SETDB1 silences retroviruses and gene regulation.
Proteins are typically acetylated on lysine residues and this reaction relies on acetyl-coenzyme A as the acetyl group donor.
In histone acetylation and deacetylation, histone proteins are acetylated and deacetylated on lysine residues in the N-terminal tail as part of gene regulation.
Typically, these reactions are catalyzed by enzymes with "histone acetyltransferase" (HAT) or "histone deacetylase" (HDAC) activity, although HATs and HDACs can modify the acetylation status of non-histone proteins as well.
The regulation of transcription factors, effector proteins, molecular chaperones, and cytoskeletal proteins by acetylation and deacetylation is a significant post-translational regulatory mechanism These regulatory mechanisms are analogous to phosphorylation and dephosphorylation by the action of kinases and phosphatases.
Not only can the acetylation state of a protein modify its activity but there has been recent suggestion that this post-translational modification may also crosstalk with phosphorylation, methylation, ubiquitination, sumoylation, and others for dynamic control of cellular signaling.
In the field of epigenetics, histone acetylation (and deacetylation) have been shown to be important mechanisms in the regulation of gene transcription.
Histones, however, are not the only proteins regulated by posttranslational acetylation.
H3K14acindicates acetylation of lysine 14on histone H3 protein subunit:
The genomic DNA of eukaryotic cells is wrapped around special protein molecules known as histones.
The complexes formed by the looping of the DNA are known as chromatin.
The basic structural unit of chromatin is the nucleosome: this consists of the core octamer of histones (H2A, H2B, H3 and H4) as well as a linker histone and about 180 base pairs of DNA.
These core histones are rich in lysine and arginine residues.
The carboxyl (C) terminal end of these histones contribute to histone-histone interactions, as well as histone-DNA interactions.
The amino (N) terminal charged tails are the site of the post-translational modifications, such as the one seen in H3K36me3.
The post-translational modification of histone tails by either histone modifying complexes or chromatin remodelling complexes are interpreted by the cell and lead to complex, combinatorial transcriptional output.
It is thought that a Histone code dictates the expression of genes by a complex interaction between the histones in a particular region.
The current understanding and interpretation of histones comes from two large scale projects: ENCODE and the Epigenomic roadmap.
The purpose of the epigenomic study was to investigate epigenetic changes across the entire genome.
This led to chromatin states which define genomic regions by grouping the interactions of different proteins and/or histone modifications together.
Chromatin states were investigated in Drosophila cells by looking at the binding location of proteins in the genome.
Use of ChIP-sequencing revealed regions in the genome characterised by different banding.
Different developmental stages were profiled in Drosophila as well, an emphasis was placed on histone modification relevance.
A look in to the data obtained led to the definition of chromatin states based on histone modifications.
The human genome was annotated with chromatin states.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
This independence from the DNA sequence enforces the epigenetic nature of histone modifications.
Chromatin states are also useful in identifying regulatory elements that have no defined sequence, such as enhancers.
This additional level of annotation allows for a deeper understanding of cell specific gene regulation.
H3K14ac has not been widely studied partly due to previous lack of commercially available antibody.
H3K9ac and H3K14ac have been shown to be part of the active promoter state.
They are also present over bivalent promoters and active enhancers.
H3K14ac is also enriched over a subset of inactive promoters.
The Triple Tudor domain of the H3K9 methyltransferase SETDB1 binds to methylated H3 with both K14 acetylation and K9 methylation.
SETDB1 silences retroviruses and gene regulation.
The histone mark acetylation can be detected in a variety of ways:
1.
Chromatin Immunoprecipitation Sequencing (ChIP-sequencing) measures the amount of DNA enrichment once bound to a targeted protein and immunoprecipitated.
It results in good optimization and is used in vivo to reveal DNA-protein binding occurring in cells.
ChIP-Seq can be used to identify and quantify various DNA fragments for different histone modifications along a genomic region.
2.
Micrococcal Nuclease sequencing (MNase-seq) is used to investigate regions that are bound by well positioned nucleosomes.
Use of the micrococcal nuclease enzyme is employed to identify nucleosome positioning.
Well positioned nucleosomes are seen to have enrichment of sequences.
3.
Assay for transposase accessible chromatin sequencing (ATAC-seq) is used to look in to regions that are nucleosome free (open chromatin).
It uses hyperactive Tn5 transposon to highlight nucleosome localisation.
Lac au Sable (Mont-Élie)
The Lac au Sable is a body of water crossed from south to north by the Petit Saguenay River, in the unorganized territory of Mont-Élie, in the Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality of the administrative region Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, at Canada.
The south-eastern part of "Lac au Sable" is served by the forest road R064.
This road approaches to south of "Lac au Bouleau".
Forestry is the sector's main economic activity; recreotourism activities, second.
The surface of "Lac au Sable" is usually frozen from the end of November to the beginning of April, however safe circulation on the ice is generally done from mid-December to the end of March.
The main watersheds neighboring "Lac au Sable" are:
The "Lac au Sable" has a length of .
The Petit Saguenay River successively crosses "Lac au Sable" from south to north (length: ; altitude: ), Lac au Bouleau (Mont-Élie) (length: ; altitude: ) and the eastern part of Emmuraillé Lake (Sagard) (length:; altitude: ).
The mouth of "Lac au Sable" is located at:
From the mouth of "Lac au Sable", the current descends the Petit Saguenay River for north, northeast, then north to the south bank of the Saguenay River which the current then crosses on eastwards to Tadoussac where this last river flows into the Saint Lawrence River.
The toponym "lac au Sable" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Zaraniq rebellion (1925–1929)
The Zaraniq rebellion was an armed conflict in the lower Tihamah between the Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen and the rebellious Zaraniq tribe that took place from 1925 to 1929.
It has been referred to as a revolt, a civil war, as well as various other terms.
It began in late 1925, and near the end of that year the Zaraniq would win a major battle against the Yemeni government.
Over the next 2 years, large-scale fighting stagnated, with the only fighting taking place in the form of occasional raids.
The rebels received arms supplies from Britain through the Ghulaifiqa port.
By 1928, the rebels controlled an area stretching from Mansuriyah to Zabid.
In June 1928, the Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd sent 500 troops to aid the rebels.
In October 1928, the Yemeni government dispatched an army to quell the rebellion, under the command of Sayf al-Islam Ahmad.
Sayf marched from Sana'a to Bajil.
At Bajil, he gave out that he intended to attack the Zaraniq capital of Bayt al-Faqih.
However, this was merely a feint: Sayf instead attacked and captured the important rebel port of al-Ta'if.
Despite the fall of al-Ta'if, rebel fortunes would see a temporary resurgence: A second army marching from al-Mukha was surprised and routed by the rebels.
Bayt al-Faqih also resisted Sayf's attacks for most of 1929.
These successes convinced the leader of the Zaraniq, Ahmed el Fiteini, to submit an appeal to the League of Nations for formal recognition as an independent state.
However, the government's superior firepower would prove to be an insurmountable problem for the rebels, and in early October 1929 Bayt al-Faqih fell to the government and the Zaraniq surrendered, ending the rebellion.
After the quelling of the revolt, a tract of land was expropriated by the Imam and the Al Hudaydah canal was constructed from the point where the wadi emerged onto a coastal plain to irrigate this tract of land.
Although this new upstream canal initially took a small quantity of water, it took water throughout the year, thereby violating the principle that new lands should not be irrigated with low flows.
The precedent created was used by landowners on the south bank to abstract the low flow as well.
As their canals were much larger, they took the entire low flow at the expense of the downstream users.
Giovanni Gatto
Giovanni Gatto (died 1484) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Catania (1475–1479) and Bishop of Cefalù (1472–1475 and 1479–1484).
On 1 Jun 1472, Giovanni Gatto was appointed during the papacy of Pope Sixtus IV as Bishop of Cefalù.
On 18 Aug 1475, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Sixtus IV as Bishop of Catania.
On 8 Feb 1479, he was again appointed during the papacy of Pope Sixtus IV as Bishop of Cefalù.
He served as Bishop of Cefalù until his death in 1484.
Al Rayyan Al Qadeem station
Al Rayyan Al Qadeem station is a station on the Doha Metro's Green Line.
It serves the municipality of Al Rayyan, specifically Old Al Rayyan, Lebday, and other suburbs of Al Rayyan City.
It is found on Al Rayyan Al Qadeem Street in the Lebday district.
The station currently has no metrolinks.
Facilities on the premises include restrooms and a prayer room.
The station was opened to the public on 10 December, 2019 along with the other stations of the Green Line (also known as the "Education Line").
It is served by bus routes 40 and 45.
Evangelium Longum
The Evangelium longum is a illuminated manuscript evangeliary that was made around 894 at the Abbey of Saint Gall in Switzerland.
It was made by the monks Sintram, as scribe, and Tuotilo for the treasure binding, a cover with carved ivory plaques and metal fittings.
The Latin book of gospel-pericopes in format 398 x 235 mm was used to preach the gospels during mass.
Today, the original evangeliary is located in the Abbey library of Saint Gall and can be found in the Codex Sangallensis under Cod.
53.
It belongs to the permanent exhibition of the abbey library.
It is available online as part of the “e-codices”-project of the University of Fribourg.
The Evangelium longum is arguably the best documented book of the Middle Ages.
Not only are the patron and the artists that were involved in its creation known by name, but also the year of production of the manuscript can be exactly determined.
During a dendrochronological investigation, the date when a tree was felled is calculated by means of its growth rings.
Such an examination was conducted on the wooden parts of the book cover in the 1970s.
Dating to the year 894 is confirmed by a tale about the origin of the Evangelium longum that was written around 1050 and belongs to the "Casus Sancti Galli" by Ekkehard IV.
The story of the manuscript begins with the ivory plaques measuring over 500 cm that were incorporated into the book cover.
In the "Casus Sancti Galli", Ekkehard comments on these plates as follows: "These were, however, former wax tablets to write on, like the ones that Charlemagne, according to his biographer, usually placed beside his bed when he went to sleep".
These plates, which were formerly used by Charlemagne as writing pads, were probably bequeathed by the Emperor to the archbishopric of Mainz and thence came into the possession of Hatto, at that time Archbishop of Mainz (891–913).
When Hatto had to accompany King Arnulf (850-899) to Italy, he asked his friend, Abbot Salomo of Saint Gall (890-920), to keep his treasure save during his absence.
However, instead of guarding it as promised, Salomo III soon spread a rumour about Hatto’s death and took possession of his treasure.
Whereas he donated most of it to the poor and gifted another part to the Minster of Constance, he also incorporated part of the treasure, for instance the two ivory plates, into the Saint Gall monastery treasure.
Then he commissioned his most talented artist, the monk Tuotilo († 913) with the adornment of the plates and the monk Sintram, who was known to be a talented penman, to write an evangeliary.
As Johannes Duft and Rudolf Schnyder explain, for a long time it was falsely believed that Tuotilo had only ornamented one of the two plates, as Ekkehard writes in his report that "one of these [ivory plates] was delightfully adorned with imagery; the other was of most delicate smoothness, and precisely that one Salomo gave Tuotilo to carve".
Examinations with regard to the age of the carvings revealed, however, that they derive from the same time and the same hand, namely that of Tuotilo .
The Evangelium longum, whose name is derived from its extraordinary oblong format, was supposed to serve as a showpiece evangeliary (dt.
“Prachtevangelistar”) for important events such as the major church festivals or the arrival of guests of high-rank.
Interestingly, the pericopes that form the content of the book, were created for the cover, not vice versa.
The crucial element of the Evangelium longum’s cover are the two ivory plaques that were carved by Tuotilo.
Now as then, their size is considered extraordinary.
Ekkehard writes that the plaques are of a dimension, "as if the elephant furnished with such teeth had been a giant compared to his conspecifics".
Pieces of bone were used in order to mend holes in the ivory .
The front plaque of the Evangelium longum (320 x 155 mm, 9 to 12 mm thick) has Christ in Majesty in the middle; Christ is depicted in the "Mandorla" (almond-shaped halo), holding the Book of Life in his right hand.
An alpha and an omega are engraved on both sides of his head.
Moreover, Christ is flanked by two Seraphs as well as lighthouses with torches.
In the corners of the frame, the evangelists (John, Matthew, Mark and Lucas) are depicted, while their symbols (eagle, winged man, lion and bull) are situated directly around Christ.
According to Anton von Euw, the four evangelists represent the "Quadriga Virtutum" from Alcuin’s Doctrine of Virtue on whom man is supposed to soar up to the throne of heaven.
Finally, the sun and the moon, personified by Sol and Luna, are depicted at the upper border of the image, while at the bottom, the ocean and the earth are represented by Oceanus and Tellus mater.
The narrative picture field in the middle of the plate is framed by ornamental parts above and below that are separated by two bars.
The bars bear the following inscription: HIC RESIDET XPC VIRTVTVM STEMMATE SEPTVS (Here Christ sits enthroned, surrounded by the wreath of virtues).
The back plaque (320 x 154 mm, 9 to 10 mm thick), also called “Gall plate”, depicts the Assumption of Mary and the story of Gall and the bear, the most familiar part of Saint Gall’s founding myth.
At the top, the back plate also exhibits an ornamental part and the three parts are again divided by bars.
The inscription on the upper bar says ASCENSIO S[AN]C[TA]E MARI[A]E ("The Assumption of the holy Mary"), whereas the inscription on the lower bar reads S[ANCTVS] GALL[VS] PANE[M] PORRIGIT URSO (Saint Gallus hands some bread to the bear).
The two ivory plaques are placed in an oak wood frame, which is mounted with fittings made of precious metal.
The creation of this frame, embellished with gold and jewels from Bishop Hatto’s treasure, can also be ascribed to the monk Tuotilo.
According to new research, the metal on the front plate was replaced in the 10 century.
This fact could be connected to an episode reported in Ekkehard’s "Casus Sancti Galli" in Chapter 74 which says that in the year 954, at the reception of Abbot Craloh at the abbey, a monk did not want to present the Evangelium longum to his abbot to kiss.
Instead he threw it towards him, whereby it fell to the ground and the front side was damaged.
The text of the Evangelium longum was written by the monk Sintram, of whom Ekkehard says that "his fingers were admired by all the world" and that his "elegant writing’s consistency is captivating".
Johannes Duft and Rudolf Schnyder likewise comment on the "admirably uniform, astonishingly steady and even hand".
The pages were carefully ruled with a stylus and inscribed with the so-called "Hartmut minuscule" that was typically used in Saint Gall in the 9th century.
Abbot Hartmut (872-883) himself developed this late Carolingian minuscule in and for Saint Gall.
Every sentence in the Evangelium longum begins with a golden painted capital letter resulting in a total of twenty to thirty of these capitals per page.
On some pages there are moreover golden initials, two of which, namely the "L" and "C" on pages 7 and 11, according to Ekkehard, were painted and gilded by Abbot Salomo himself.
However, on closer examination, the initials were evidently created by the same hand as the rest of the manuscript, namely by Sintram’s.
As Anton von Euw remarks, Ekkehard’s comment thus has to be interpreted as an empty phrase of praise (dt.
“Ruhmesfloskel”) for the benefit of Abbot Salomo.
When including the two mirror blades attached to the front and back book cover as well as the two endpapers, the Evangelium longum consists of 154 parchment sheets.
Beginning at the first endpaper, the sheets were paginated by the abbey librarian Ildefons von Arx with Arabic numbers (1-304) in red ink.
The average size of a page is 395 x 230 mm, the written space measures 275 x 145/165 mm and each written page consists of 29 lines.
The Evangelium longum contains the gospel-pericopes which were supposed to be sung by the deacon during mass.
Pages 6 and 7 are adorned with two magnificent initials: While page 6 exhibits the golden and silver painted initial "I" and the capitals IN EXPORTV S[AN]C[TA]E GENITRICIS D[EI] MARIAE, page 7 is inscribed with the bright golden capitals INITIV[M] S[AN]C[T]I EUANG[ELII] SE[CVN]D[V]M MATHEV[M] und LIBER GENERATIONIS IHV XPI.
From pages 6 to 10, the Evangelium longum recounts the first chapter of the Gospel of Matthew, including Jesus’s lineage and his birth from the Virgin Mary.
Page 10, which displays the initials "I" and "C" as well as the capitals INCIPIVNT LECTIONES EVANGELIOR[VM] PER ANNI CIRCVLVM LEGENDAE, commences a new part of the text: pages 11 to 233 contain the pericopes taken from the gospels which are used for the so-called "Temporale", i.e.
for the feasts of the Lord as well as for all the Sundays, including Wednesday and Friday, of the church year.
A short appendix furthermore entails pericopes for Trinity Sunday and the votive masses from Monday to Saturday.
On page 234, the second part of the Evangelium longum begins with the inscription INCIPIVNT LECTIONES EVANGELIOR[VM] DE SINGVLIS FESTIVITATIBVS S[AN]C[T]ORVM.
Pages 234 to 290 thus consist of the so-called "Sanctorale", meaning the pericopes for the feasts of the saints of the church year.
Nowadays, the interior of the manuscript is still in surprisingly good condition, which indicates, according to Anton von Euw, that it was never or only rarely been opened.
In contrast, Duft and Schnyder remark that the cover of the Evangelium longum has experienced at least two restorations.
Before 1461, the bindings of the book block were restored, the book spine replaced and the golden applications on the front plate repaired.
Probably in the 18 century, another restoration was conducted, in the course of which the book spine as well as the front gold lining were again renovated.
Several factors distinguish the oblong evangeliary that is being kept in Saint Gall.
Firstly, the Evangelium longum was definitely produced not only as another book, but as a showpiece evangeliary.
Thus, Ekkehard writes that it is a one of a kind evangeliary, "of which in our opinion there will not be another one".
The material value left aside, the Evangelium longum is moreover one of the manuscripts whose development history is the most closely documented (from before 900 until today), which makes it a work of the highest documentary value.
Finally, the Evangelium longum symbolises, according to David Ganz, the connection of Saint Gall’s monastery chronicle to the court of Charlemagne as well as the then close bond between the abbey and the Archbishopric of Mainz.
Rajesh Khaitan
Rajesh Khaitan ( – 15 December 2019) was an Indian politician from West Bengal belonging to Indian National Congress.
He was a legislator of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly.
Khaitan was elected as a legislator of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly from Bara Bazar in 1982.
He was also elected from Bara Bazar in 1987, 1991 and 1996.
Khaitan died on 15 December 2019 at the age of 75.
Carla Lazzari
Carla Lazzari, better known simply as Carla, is a French singer.
She represented her country at the 2019 Junior Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Bim bam toi", finishing fifth.
Carla Lazzari is from Châteauneuf-Villevieille near Nice in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
She was born into a family of musicians and singers.
At the age of 5 she entered the Conservatory of Nice.
In 2018, she reached the final of "The Voice Kids France".
In 2019, she was selected by France Télévisions to represent France with the song "Bim bam toi" at that year's Junior Eurovision Song Contest.
Nazia Ejaz Khan
Nazia Ejaz is a Pakistani Australian artist and a daughter of Ejaz Durrani and Pakistani singer Noor Jehan.
After living in Australia for 14 years she is now based in Karachi.
She was born to Noor Jehan.
She received her Graduate Diploma in Indian Art and its history at School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) in 1996.
She has a double Masters in Fine Art from the Slade School of Fine Art, and University of South Australia.
She is a recipient of Staff Nomination Award, University of South Australia, 2015.
Frances Keegan Marquis
Frances Keegan Marquis was born on October 15, 1896 in West Newbury, Massachusetts.
In 1943, she became the first commander of a women's expeditionary force, the 149th WAAC Post Headquarters Company, which served in General Eisenhower's North African headquarters.
Before her military service, she held management posts in women's organizations; afterwards, she did volunteer work for women's groups, including serving as a United Nations observer for Altrusa International.
She died on August 4, 1984 in New York City.
Frances Eleanor Keegan was born on October 15, 1896, in West Newbury, Massachusetts, the third daughter among the four children of John L. Keegan and Margaret E. Costello.<ref name=1/30/1943Globe></ref><ref name=2/8/1943WaterlooCourier></ref> Her parents were first generation Irish: the Costellos from Tipperary and the Keegans from Kildare.<ref name=2/2/1943CourierJournal></ref> John Keegan had a career as superintendent of machine tool manufacturing.
At age eighty, he came out of retirement to help the war effort in World War II.
Marquis graduated from high school in West Newbury in 1911.
Because she was only fourteen, Simmons College would not allow her to matriculate without a one-year wait.
She graduated with a BA in 1916, the youngest in her class.
Her college yearbook listed Marquis among the class' Brightest, Best Student, and Most Promising.
Marquis later took courses in economics at the University of Illinois and philosophy at Columbia University.<ref name=12/1943ArmyLife></ref> In 1931 she met and married Harry Goshen Marquis, a ginger-ale salesman at the time; it was a second marriage for each of them.<ref name=2/3/1943NewYorker></ref> Articles profiling his wife called him a New York businessman<ref name=1/28/1943FreePress></ref> and World War I veteran left home alone to carry on as she went off to war.
Marquis held a number of executive positions, often relating to women's issues or women's improvement.
She managed Boston's Franklin Square House, a non-profit residence hotel providing housing and social services for some 700 unmarried women students and wage earners.
At Franklin Square House, women in a wide range of professions from all over country lived under one roof.
From 1919 through 1933, Frances Keegan Marquis fundraised for and then was a manager at The Town Hall in New York City.<ref name=2/1/1943PalmBeachPost></ref><ref name=4/11/1943PittsburghPress></ref> The Town Hall was an offshoot of New York's women's suffrage movement, specifically the League for Political Education.
This wealthy and influential group determined to construct a public forum for debate that would overcome the kind of "ignorance and prejudice" that impeded the women's vote.
The Town Hall hosted not only important speakers (including birth control advocate Margaret Sanger, who was arrested when attempting to speak there in November 1921) but also many musical performances, for which Marquis served as concert manager.<ref name=10/26/1943Chattanooga></ref>
Later, between 1935 and 1941, Marquis served as the assistant director in charge of education and recreation programs of the American Woman's Association.
Founded by Anne Morgan and other prominent New Yorkers, the American Woman's Association was created as a place where a working woman with drive and energy could network and develop leadership skills.<ref name=1/4/1998NYTimes></ref> In Morgan's view, although no women of the time were equipped to head a large corporation, "in time there will be plenty of such women—it requires only evolution."
By 1930, when it constructed its own building in New York City, the association (which was non-sectarian and was said to include every nationality) had a membership of some 4,000, representing over 150 businesses and professions.<ref name=11/23/1930StarTribune></ref> Along with a roof garden, numerous parlors, meeting rooms, and residential space, the association's building featured a premier fitness center including a swimming pool.
In 1941, Marquis became executive secretary of the Women's City Club of New York.
Like The Town Hall, the club had roots in the suffrage movement and owned a series of impressive clubhouses in Manhattan, moving during Marquis' tenure to the same building that housed the all-male City Club.
Luminaries including Eleanor Roosevelt led the club, which advocated for civic betterment and particularly women's issues such as women's employment, birth control, and maternity care.
As war raged abroad during Marquis' time as executive secretary, the Women's City Club turned to women's duty to contribute to defense and the war effort.
On July 20, 1942, Frances Keegan Marquis joined the first Women's Army Auxiliary Corps (WAAC) officer training class at the Fort Des Moines Provisional Army Officer Training School.<ref name=1/31/1943PhilInquirer></ref> Chosen from some 30,000 applicants, she was one of 440 in her class, of whom 90% had attended college and 99% had successful civilian careers.
She said she joined because "for eight years ... this country had neglected its obligations and 'when there was an opportunity to do something, I felt that I who had talked so much about it, had to do it.'"
Upon graduation on August 29, 1942, at age 46 Marquis entered the military and was assigned to WAAC headquarters in Washington, D.C.<ref name= 3/28/1965News-Press></ref>
Over the 1942 Christmas holidays, Marquis became the first woman to command a troop train, which carried the newly-formed 149th WAAC Post Headquarters Company now under her command from the Second WAAC Training Center in Daytona, Florida, to the New York area.
From there, this company of almost 200 sailed to North Africa, reporting to General Dwight Eisenhower's headquarters in Algiers on January 27, 1943.
Women of the 149th, who volunteered for service abroad, comprised a hand-picked cadre of linguists and specialists who assumed secretarial, postal, switchboard, and other duties.
Describing the 149th, Ernie Pyle stated, "When a WAC takes over a switchboard from a soldier, efficiency goes up about 1000 percent."
As the first to command an American women's expeditionary force, Frances Keegan Marquis became the subject of considerable attention.
In the summer of 1943, she met with England's King George VI, discussing the work of the WAACs and British-American relations after the war.<ref name=10/30/1943Register></ref> Nationwide news reports carried her photo; discussed her appearance (curly brown hair in a bob, twinkling blue eyes), demeanor ("dignity of assurance," "undertone of confidence," emphasis on a sense of humor), feminine attributes (nose powdering, lemon pie making); and mentioned her prior career.
Deployment abroad compounded start-up problems facing the WAACs.
Upon arrival in Algiers, it was discovered that the 149th's vehicles had been issued to a male unit and items ranging from kitchen equipment to typewriters had disappeared.
Army historian Mattie Treadwell stated that an obvious problem was the auxiliary system itself.
It was infeasible to deny Army commanders the ability to command the women working for them and to apply differing rules for women.
Army men in a war zone received such additional benefits as extra pay, government life insurance, veteran's medical care if injured.
WAACs in the war theater did not.
Pressing issues were incapable of resolution within a meaningful time frame.
A staff member commented, "The Corps was placed in the position of a small businessman who overnight was told he must increase his business more than eight times, and to do it at once even before he knew what he was to produc[e], out of what materials, when or how the product was to be made, and with practically no organization to assist."
Although headlines asserted that Marquis was a popular commander, this was not universally so.
Hoping for a familiar officer, at least some of her troops would not have chosen her: they were "quite surprised at the designation of this 'stranger.'"
According to Sergeant Vida Ganoni's memoir, a little over two weeks after their arrival in Algiers, on February 11, 1943, an announcement of promotions caused an uproar.
Those not promoted felt that Marquis' decisions were based on favoritism, not ability.
With the July 1, 1943 enactment of legislation converting the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps to the Women's Army Corps (WACs), the women were given the summer to decide whether to apply to join the Army upon the September 1943 changeover.
During this time, changes such as more dispersed housing assignments and the unit's absorption into the 6666th or 6667th Hq Co, WAC—which applied to all women in the theater—caused significant unhappiness in the ranks that identified themselves as close-knit 149ers.
The final break occurred when a popular sergeant was suddenly relieved of her duties.
Some sided with the sergeant, others with the commander: the "unity of the 149th collapsed."
Treadwell's Army history attributed the situation to administrative difficulties and the lack of a WAAC staff director for the theater—a one-time mistake.
When General Eisenhower learned that a large number of the 149th did not plan to continue as WACs, he requested that a highly competent senior WAAC officer be sent immediately.
In view of the troops' state of mind, this officer, then-Major Westray Boyce, acted swiftly.
"The previous company officers and key cadre were returned to the United States in a body, since it appeared impossible to place individual responsibility or to restore the women's lost confidence; all later proved successful in a variety of duties in the United States."
Noting "the almost insurmountable difficulties attendant upon life and conditions in an active theater of war" that confronted Marquis upon arrival in North Africa, Colonel R.Q.
Brown, commander of the Headquarters Special Troops, highly recommended Marquis for any future position, staff or command.
Upon her return to the States in October 1943, Marquis was assigned to assist in the WAC recruiting drive with speeches and interviews describing her time in North Africa.
Myriad problems ranging from counterproductive messaging to active obstruction from the War Manpower Commission afflicted WAC recruiting, but a slander campaign proved a largely unstoppable blow.
Although many sources spawned and fed bad jokes and ugly rumors about military women,<ref name=6/9/1943Star></ref> contemporaneous and historical accounts have focused on the work of syndicated columnist John O'Donnell.
According to an Army history, even with its hasty retraction, O'Donnell's June 8, 1943, "Capitol Stuff" column did "incalculable damage."
That column began, "Contraceptives and prophylactic equipment will be furnished to members of the WAACS, according to a super secret agreement reached by the high ranking officers of the War Department and the WAAC chieftain, Mrs. William Pettus Hobby…."
This followed O'Donnell's June 7 column discussing efforts of women journalists and congresswomen to dispel "the gaudy stories of the gay and careless way in which the young ladies in uniform … disport themselves…."
Of particular concern for Marquis and the 149th,<ref name=7/16/1943ChicagoTrib></ref> that column repeated the admittedly unsubstantiated falsehood that large numbers of WACs had been sent home pregnant from North Africa.<ref name=6/9/1943Times></ref>
While still abroad, Marquis participated in a counteroffensive with newspaper<ref name=7/13/1943ChicagoTrib></ref> and radio interviews discussing her troops' life in the military, including their commitment as volunteers, qualifications and training, assignments, long work hours, supervised social life, and housing in a convent.
In one of her first press conferences upon returning to New York, Marquis told fascinating stories of the WACs in North Africa and responded with a strong denial when asked "how many WACs were really sent home for disorderly conduct and pregnancy."
In truth, the only pregnant 149er was married to an Army officer—she had not discovered her condition until after she arrived in the theater, at which point she returned home.
Marquis was sent on a well-publicized nationwide tour, speaking to women's groups, WAC trainees, college women, and business groups about the WACs' overseas experiences.
Marquis later attended the Command and General Staff School.
She was awaiting reassignment when, at the war's end, she was discharged late in 1945.
On April 9, 1943, Colonel J.C.
Gross, commandant of the 1st Regiment Zouaves ("valient of the valients") awarded Marquis the medal insignia of that regiment, making her an honorary member.
Around the time Marquis' WAACs arrived in Algiers, Zouave forces (with roots as local North Africans in the French Army),<ref name=11/3/1943PortageRegister></ref> were the first to stop the Nazi advance at Medjez-El-Bab in Tunisia.
Vastly outnumbered and equipped with World War I era rifles, the Zouaves beat back German and Italian forces in a 36-hour battle.
When this North African victory helped turn the tide for the French, the Americans promised them modern supplies.
By November 1943, a modernized, American-equipped French Army—notably including the Zouaves—was ready to invade Europe from North Africa.
During this period, the WAACs played a part in strengthening ties with the French:<ref name=10/21/1943Globe></ref> in July General Henri Giraud, commander of the French forces, reviewed Marquis' troops (finding them "inspiring") and later in the summer of 1943, the WACs and their French counterparts (one of whose officers was the wife of Colonel Gross) paraded together with a 1st Regiment Zouave color guard.
Along with her WAC and overseas service ribbons, Marquis' Zouave medal became part of her uniform.
On the eve of her departure from Algiers in late September 1943, the Franco-American Goodwill Society (Bonne Volontḗ Franco-Amḗricaine) held a luncheon to honor Marquis.
At this event, the society's board of directors presented her with a medal honoring her contributions to French-American friendship.
After leaving the military, Marquis undertook volunteer work.
Having previously served Altrusa (an organization of professional women's clubs focused on community service) as president of the New York City chapter and publicity chairman of the international organization of clubs, Marquis became Altrusa International's official United Nations observer and traveled about the country giving speeches on the workings of the United Nations.
She served in that role, participating with U.N. observer status, for seven years.
Marquis was also active in such organizations as Camp Fire Girls, serving as the president of the Council of Greater New York and representing New York on the National Council.
Frances Keegan Marquis died on August 4, 1984 at her home in Manhattan, leaving no immediate survivors.
She maintained ties to friends in her home town of West Newbury throughout her life, however.
Marquis became a life member of the West Newbury Historical Society in 1960 and later donated some of her papers and medals to that organization.
In 1987 the West Newbury Historical Society mounted an exhibit of her military artifacts.
Karakara (film)
Karakara is a Canadian drama film, directed by Claude Gagnon and released in 2012.
The film stars Gabriel Arcand as Pierre, a professor from Quebec who is on sabbatical in Okinawa to reevaluate his life after the death of his friend, and is drawn into a love affair with Junko (Youki Kudoh), a local woman fleeing an abusive husband who offers to be his tour guide.
The film's screenplay was partially inspired by Gagnon's own trip to Japan following the death of one of his closest friends.
The film was shot in 2011, and premiered at the 2012 Montreal World Film Festival.
Writing for "Variety", Ronnie Scheib noted that the film reversed "the usual Westerner-in-the-Orient stereotype, where the ambitious hero learns to slow down and smell the roses.
Here he’s dragged, kicking and screaming, out of the rose garden and into the world at large."
For the "Montreal Gazette", Brendan Kelly praised both Arcand's and Kudoh's performances, but wrote that he had difficulty believing in the core relationship between the characters.
He ultimately concluded that "maybe it's uneven but it still remains a film that stays with you long after the final credits roll."
At the MWFF, the film won the festival's Most Popular Canadian Film and Openness to the World awards.
The film received two Prix Jutra nominations at the 15th Jutra Awards in 2013, for Best Actor (Arcand) and Best Screenplay (Gagnon).
Honoka Hayashi
Hayashi was born in Uji on May 19, 1998.
In 2013, when she was 14 years old, she joined Nadeshiko League club Cerezo Osaka Sakai from youth team.
She played many matches as regular central midfielder from first season.
In November 2016, Hayashi was selected Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 World Cup.
She played 2 matches as substitute midfielder and scored a goal against Canada.
Japan also won the 3rd place.
In 2018, she was selected U-20 Japan for 2018 U-20 World Cup again.
She played as regular defensive midfielder midfielder in all 6 matches and score a goal against United States in opening match.
Japan won the champions first time.
In December 2019, Hayashi was selected Japan national team for 2019 EAFF E-1 Football Championship.
At this tournament, she debuted as substitute midfielder against Chinese Taipei on December 11.
Bim bam toi
"Bim bam toi" is a song by Carla that served as France's entry in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2019, held in Gliwice, Poland, on 24 November 2019.
It was released as a single on 11 October.
It was written by Barbara Pravi and Igit and produced by Julien Comblat, who has worked with such artists as M. Pokora and .
"Bim bam toi" is an electropop song performed in French, the national language, with a few words in English.
It tells the story of love at first sight.
Carla sings:
During the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2019, it was the second song performed on the evening, after "We Will Rise" by Jordan Anthony (Australia) and just before "A Time for Us" by Tatiana Mezhentseva and Denberel Oorjak (Russia).
Having obtained 85 points from the juries (sixth place) and 84 from the televoting (third place), Carla finished fifth with a total of 169 points.
The song went viral in France after in early December 2019 after YouTube fitness vlogger Juju Fitcats lipsynced and danced to it on Tiktok.
The video features her cheerfully singing "it makes bim bam boom, it makes pshit and it makes vroom" and dancing in an airplane just before takeoff.
It has garnered millions of views and has been parodied many times.
As early as November, Tik Tok users were participating in the "Bim Bam Toi" challenge where a number of users uploaded videos of themselves lip-syncing to the song.
With more than one million followers, Juju Fitcats took the challenge viral.
French YouTuber Mister V released his own version of the song on Instagram in January 2020 where he jokingly takes credit for being the inspiration for the song, and for writing it.
Thrainn Sigurdsson
Thrainn Sigurdsson (12 November 1912 – 18 August 2004) was an Icelandic chess player.
Thrainn Sigurdsson was one of the strongest chess players in Iceland in the early 1930s.
Thrainn Sigurdsson played for Iceland in the Chess Olympiad:
Scaphognathops stejnegeri
Scaphognathops stejnegeri is a species of cyprinid fish of the genus "Scaphognathops".
It inhabits inland wetlands in Cambodia, Laos and Thailand, and is used for food locally.
It has been assessed as "least concern" on the IUCN Red List.
Francesco Alborea
Francesco Alborea (Naples, 7 March 1691 – Vienna, 20 July 1739) was an Italian cellist, also known as "Franciscello" or "Francischello".
Son of Emanuele and Aloisa Bassano, at the age of ten was admitted to the "conservatorio S. Maria di Loreto" where he studied music for twelve years under .
With the support of Alessandro Scarlatti, Alborea became member of the "Regia Cappella di Napoli" until 1727.
In the same year, he moved to Vienna, where was employed as cellist at the imperial court, with a salary of 1260 florins, until his death.
Alborea was one of the first virtuoso soloist cellists.
As referred by Ernst Ludwig Gerber and François-Joseph Fétis, Francesco Geminiani reported that in 1713, in Rome, Alborea played the cello in a cantata with violoncello obbligato composed by Alessandro Scarlatti, the author playing the harpsichord.
At the end of the piece, Scarlatti declared that "only an angel, in human form, could play in such a charming way".
Alborea was praised, among others, by Johann Joachim Quantz, Franz Benda and Martin Berteau, who, according to Fétis, left the viola da gamba for the cello after hearing Alborea playing.
In a big painting by Nicola Maria Rossi representing the celebration of the "Four Altars", the musicians of the "Cappella Reale" of Naples are portrayed, among them Francesco Mancini, Domenico Sarro and Francesco Alborea playing his "celebrated violoncello"
According to Gerber, Alborea published in Vienna, anonymously, some of his own compositions for the cello, now lost.
Two manuscript sonatas by him, in C and D, are in the National Library of the Czech Republic.
Association of Electoral Administrators
The Association of Electoral Administrators (AEA) is the main British organisation for local administrators (at councils) of elections, and is headquartered in Staffordshire.
The organisation was formed at a meeting in Wast Hills, in the west of Birmingham, in July 1987.
Previously there had been no coordination between electoral officers at a national level.
The first general meeting was held in February 1988 in Devon.
It represents local electoral registration officers.
It is headquartered in the south of Cannock, near the A34.
Scaphognathops theunensis
Scaphognathops theunensis is a critically endangered< species of cyprinid fish of the genus "Scaphognathops".
It inhabits inland wetlands in Laos, and as of 2011 its population was decreasing.
It is used for food locally.
2019–20 Alabama–Huntsville Chargers men's ice hockey season
The 2019-20 Alabama–Huntsville Chargers men's ice hockey season was the 35th season of play for the program, the 27th at the Division I level and the 7th in the WCHA conference.
The Chargers represented the University of Alabama Huntsville and were coached by Mike Corbett, in his 7th season.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Gigi Adamashvili
Gigi Adamashvili () (born 23 September 1998) is a Georgian singer and musician.
Gigi Adamashvili was born on 23 September 1998 in Tbilisi, Georgia.
Adamashvili has been playing guitar since the age of eleven, after being taught by his mother.
He performed and won first place at New Star in Tbilisi, Georgia in 2012.
In 2015, at age sixteen, Adamashvili participated in X-Factor Ukraine.
He auditioned with the Bob Dylan song, ″Make You Feel my Love″ which has since accumulated over 2.5 million views on Youtube.
In 2016, he entered X-Factor Georgia, auditioning with a cover of "Wicked Game" by Chris Isaak, reaching over 1.5 million views on YouTube.
Mentored by Sofia Nizharadze, Adamashvili finished X-Factor Georgia 2016 in second place.
Adamashvili toured throughout Georgia in 2017, playing at 20 venues across the country over the course of three months.
He won the Golden Wave Award after receiving 103078 votes from the public in 2018.
Gigi Adamashvili released his first single, ″Yellow Kites″ on Soundcloud in April 2019.
His second single, ″BABI″ was released in May 2019 in memory of the late Tamar ″Babi″ Babilua.
On the French music platform CLAPCHARTS, song "BABI" hit the new charts and took the first place.
2019 in United States politics and government
"Note: This section is provided for updates by government body or agency in narrative format, if desired."
In December 2019, the EPA announced that it will seek to address concerns emphasized by American farmers over new rules for blending biofuels.
In December 2019, consumer advocates sued the U.S. Department of Education and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, alleging that these government agencies had failed to protect student loan borrowers.
The lawsuit provides an overview of the alleged problems.
The U.S. Department of Education is the biggest player in the student loan world, handling hundreds of billions of dollars in federal student loan debt.
Rather than managing this sprawling portfolio itself, however, the Department outsources operations to several large servicing companies.
Large student loan servicing firms such as Navient, FedLoan Servicing have been faced with allegations of violations of consumer protection statutes.
But the Department of Education has largely not addressed these issues, and has omitted to oversee its servicers (who receive billions from taxpayers).
On December 12 the Federal Communications Commission approved a proposal to designate 988 as the hotline phone number of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.
In late December, the Food and Drug Administration raised the legal age for tobacco products, e-cigarettes, and vaping cartridges from 18 to 21.
A redacted version of the "Report on the Investigation into Russian Interference in the 2016 Presidential Election" was published on July 21.
The report looks at not only Russian interference into the election but also alleged obstruction of justice by President Trump.
The death penalty for federal crimes was reinstated in July.
The last federal execution was that of Louis Jones, Jr. in 2003.
There are currently five prisoners on death row.
In December the Supreme Court put the executions on hold.
"Note: This section is provided for issue-based overviews in narrative format, if desired."
In December 2019, the World Meteorological Organization released its annual climate report revealing that climate impacts are worsening.
They found the global sea temperatures are rising as well as land temperatures worldwide.
2019 is the last year in a decade that is the warmest on record.
Global carbon emissions hit a record high in 2019, even though the rate of increase slowed somewhat, according to a report from Global Carbon Project.
In the first half of 2019, global debt levels reached a record high of $250 trillion, led by the US and China.
The IMF warned about corporate debt.
The European Central Bank raised concerns as well.
There were concerns about economic conditions in the EU due to high rates of debt in France, Italy and Spain.
In April 2019, Trump vetoed a bipartisan bill which would have ended US support for the Saudi-led military intervention.
With 53 votes instead of the 67 needed, the United States Senate failed to override the veto.
The legal arguments and policies of the Obama administration were cited as justification for the veto.
The US Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Michael Mulroy stated that US support was limited to side-by-side coaching to mitigate civilian casualties and if the measure had passed it would do nothing to help the people of Yemen and may only increase civilian deaths.
Mulroy supported the United Nation's peace talks and he pushed the international community to come together and chart a comprehensive way ahead for Yemen.
Writing in "The Nation", Mohamad Bazzi argued that Mulroy's defence of US support as necessary to limit civilian casualties was false, and that "Saudi leaders and their allies have ignored American entreaties to minimize civilian casualties since the war’s early days".
A trade dispute between the USA and China caused economic concerns worldwide.
In December 2019, various US officials said a trade deal was likely before a proposed round of new tariffs took effect on December 15, 2019.
US tariffs had a negative effect on China's economy, which slowed to growth of 6%.
In December 2019, new deal was announced regarding US-China trade dispute.
The United States–Mexico–Canada Agreement is a signed but not ratified free trade agreement between Canada, Mexico, and the United States.
The Agreement is the result of a 2017–2018 renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) by its member states.
Negotiations "focused largely on auto exports, steel and aluminum tariffs, and the dairy, egg, and poultry markets."
One provision "prevents any party from passing laws that restrict the cross-border flow of data".
Compared to NAFTA, USMCA increases environmental and labour regulations, and incentivizes more domestic production of cars and trucks.
The agreement also provides updated intellectual property protections, gives the United States more access to Canada's dairy market, imposes a quota for Canadian and Mexican automotive production, and increases the duty free limit for Canadians who buy U.S. goods online from $20 to $150.
The introduction of new 5G wireless technology caused major public discussion about possible security risks and safety risks.
Many experts said 5G would require new methods to insure security of data.
The US Congress passed legislation regarding security concerns about 5G networks.
The federal government prohibited the utilization of Huawei equipment for 5G networks due security concerns, and encouraged its allies to also do so as well.
The US government imposed strict controls on US companies as to their ability to do business with Huawei, thus disrupting sales of Huawei phones overseas.
Huawei submitted a petition in the US Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit against the FCC's decision to prohibit rural U.S. network providers from using equipment from the China-based vendor due to national security concerns, asking that the recent FCC order be overturned.
Duke of Palata
Duke of Palata () is a hereditary title in the Peerage of Spain, accompanied by the dignity of Grandee and granted in 1646 by Philip IV to Francisco Toraldo de Aragón, a paternal descendant of Alfonso V of Aragon.
The title makes reference to the town of Palata in Campobasso, Italy, where Toraldo's father held a fiefdom.
The 2nd Duchess of Palata was married to Melchor de Navarra, who was viceroy of Peru.
He was also known as the Duke of Palata (iure uxoris).
Grande Fratello VIP (season 4)
Grande Fratello VIP 4 (as known by the acronym GFVIP4) is the fourth celebrity season of the Italian reality television franchise "Grande Fratello".
It was launched on 8 January 2020 on Canale 5, the journalist Alfonso Signorini as presenter of the main show after Ilary Blasi left the show after three seasons, with the showgirl Wanda Nara and the singer Pupo as opinionists.
The live stream is broadcast on Mediaset Extra and "Grande Fratello" official website, also La 5 will broadcast several times in one day.
Daily recaps are broadcast on Canale 5 and Italia 1.
For the first time in "Grande Fratello" history, the show features two live shows within a week, except Sanremo Music Festival week, the show will only air one live show on Monday 3 February.
Ånimskog Church
Ånimskog Church is a church built during the Middle Ages.
Since 2010, the church building belongs to the Åmål Parish.
The church assembly was part of Karlstad Diocese.
The church is located a few hundred meters from the west beach of Vänern in the Åmål Municipality.
The church was built in the second half of the 13th century.
It was probably square-shaped, but enlarged in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Ånimskog church is one of the oldest churches in Dalsland considered one of that region's three most beautiful churches.
The ceiling painting was decorated by Hans Georg Schüffner in 1739.
At around the same time, a small house was erected in the south part of the church, for storage of weapons.
The altarpiece and pulpit are from the 18th century, constructed by Lars Falcon who is from Ånimskog.
The baptismal font is from the 1200s.
Its height is 80 cm and it consists of two parts with exactly the same size.
The font is bowl-shaped and is unevenly cut along the top.
The foot is tapered with a strong round bar below the top.
There is a chimney in the middle of the church building.
The church was damaged in the 1800s, and despite restorations over the years, there are still numerous problems to be fixed.
South of the church, outside the cemetery wall, stands a board-lined and red-painted bell tower.
It was built in 1731 by carpenter Per Andersson from Sotebyn in Tösse.
Skalø
Skalø is an small Danish island, with an area of 1.06 km and a population of 11 located south west of Zealand in the Baltic Sea.
2020 in United States politics and government
Events in 2020 pertaining to politics and government in the United States.
"Note: This section is provided for updates by government body or agency in a narrative format if desired."
Secretary of Defense Mark Esper warns in early January that Kata'ib Hezbollah, the group responsible for the attack on the embassy in Baghdad, may be planning new attacks in Iraq, and that the U.S. is prepared to preemptive attacks.
A short while later, a U.S. airstrike at the Baghdad International Airport killed top Iranian general Qasem Soleimani, escalating tensions between the United States and Iran.
In January, the Army prohibited its members from using TikTok, saying the Chinese-owned social media poses a security risk.
Heavy traffic apparently fueled by fears of a return of the draft for the first time since 1973 caused the Selective Service System website to crash on January 3.
In December 2019, the EPA announced that it will seek to address concerns emphasized by American farmers over new rules for blending biofuels.
New rules proposed on January 3 would exempt long-term accumulative effects such as climate change from being considered in the implementation of the National Environmental Policy Act.
Court cases extending back to the Obama administration have ruled that such effects must be taken into consideration.
In December 2019, consumer advocates sued the U.S. Department of Education and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, alleging that these government agencies had failed to protect student loan borrowers.
The lawsuit provides an overview of the alleged problems.
The U.S. Department of Education is the biggest player in the student loan world, handling hundreds of billions of dollars in federal student loan debt.
Rather than managing this sprawling portfolio itself, however, the Department outsources operations to several large servicing companies.
Large student loan servicing firms such as Navient, FedLoan Servicing have been faced with allegations of violations of consumer protection statutes.
But the Department of Education has largely not addressed these issues, and has omitted to oversee its servicers (who receive billions from taxpayers).
President Trump has made Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) aid available for Puerto Rico since the December 29, 2019, earthquake.
However, as of January 9, only $1.5 billion of the $9.7 billion approved by Congress has been released.
FEMA says it may bill 2015–2018 California fire victims if Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) goes bankrupt.
NASA may return to manned-flights in 2020, in cooperation with private companies such as Boeing.
Following 13 straight years of financial losses (mostly due to a requirement that it fund health care for the next 80 years), the United States Postal Service may be privatized in 2020.
The situation in Iraq causes Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to postpone a planned visit to Ukraine and other eastern European countries in early January.
A bipartisan bill proposes transferring control of the Secret Service back to the Treasury Department, but it is hung up on a dispute over whether to disclose the costs of protection for President Trump's travel.
"Note: This section is provided for issue-based overviews in narrative format, if desired."
In the first half of 2019, global debt levels reached a record high of $250 trillion, led by the US and China.
The IMF warned about corporate debt.
The European Central Bank raised concerns as well.
The EU was concerned about high rates of debt in France, Italy and Spain.
In 2020, expect major fights over EPA regulatory rollbacks, as well as conflicts over the environmental impact of the Mexico–United States border wall, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, PFAS (a cancer-linked chemical leaching into drinking water), the Waters of the U.S. Rule, and the Arctic Refuge drilling controversy.
Underfunding of the EPA has led to an increased backlog at major hazardous waste sites.
In December 2019, the World Meteorological Organization released its annual climate report revealing that climate impacts are worsening.
They found the global sea temperatures are rising as well as land temperatures worldwide.
2019 is the last year in a decade that is the warmest on record.
Global carbon emissions hit a record high in 2019, even though the rate of increase slowed somewhat, according to a report from Global Carbon Project.
The Trump Administration plans to rewrite EPA regulations to make it easier to build major infrastructure projects such as pipelines.
President Donald Trump faced his first foreign policy crisis of 2020 with the attack on the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, Iraq on December 31, 2019 and January 1, 2020.
A January 2 U.S.-ordered strike that killed Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis, a terrorist with close ties to Iran, threatened to escalate the conflict.
President Trump may find his greatest challenges in Europe, where his popularity is very low.
Tariffs, trade, and China's growing military power are concerns, as is unrest in Hong Kong.
There is concern about Russian involvement in Syria as well as its increasingly aggressive foreign policy.
There is increased pressure to reduce troop levels in Afghanistan to 8,600 and reach a peace agreement with the Taliban.
Tensions with Iran rise as 2020 begins.
Sticky points are not only the attack on the U.S. Embassy in Bagdhad, but also a nuclear agreement, shipping in the Strait of Hormuz, economic sanctions, and the war in Yemen.
Tension increased after the United States killed Iranian General Qasem Soleimani in a drone strike in Bagdhad on January 3.
President Trump claimed the targeted killing prevented an attack on American interests and saved many lives, insisting he does not want a war while warning Iran against retaliation.
Many are concerned that Iranian retaliation could lead to a wider conflict.
Domestic political reaction was mostly along party lines, with Republicans, particularly Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC), supporting the move and Democrats opposing it.
Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) and Fox News commentator Tucker Carlson were exceptions.
On the Democratic side, Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) had the strongest reaction, calling the killing an "assassination;" he was echoed by Andrew Yang and Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard.
Other Democratic presidential candidates were more muted, calling Soleimani a bad man but questioning Trump's lack of strategic planning.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi complained that the Congressional Gang of Eight was not notified before the attack, which was therefore unauthorized.
Thousands marched in anti-war protests in seventy cities across the nation and around the world on January 4.
US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced she would introduce a resolution to limit Trump's ability to take actions against Iran.
North Korea threatens to resume nuclear testing as the year begins.
Disarmament is also a concern in relations with Russia and Iran.
Iran's January 5 pullout from its nuclear agreement following the killing of Qassem Soleimani was no surprise but it makes it more difficult to reach another agreement at a later date.
Gun laws and 2nd Amendment rights promise to be major issues in 2020, in Congress, on the campaign trail, and at the state level, particularly in Virginia.
177 gun deaths (murders, accidents, and 132 suicides; three mass shootings) were recorded across the country on January 1.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says that in 2020, Democrats will prioritize getting bills such as the "Lower Drug Costs Now Act" signed into law.
Increasing health care is a priority for 2020 presidential candidates, although there are large differences in how to go about it.
"Mother Jones" reports that Johns Hopkins University researchers have concluded that lax oversight by the Food and Drug Administration is hampering efforts to ensure that opioids such as OxyContin are not overprescribed.
This despite Trump Administration claims that addressing opioid misuse is a top priority.
Following the December 2019 House impeachment vote, Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced she would restrain from delivering the acts of impeachment to the Senate until Majority Leader Mitch McConnell explained the trial procedures.
Pelosi indicated she would release the articles the week of January 13, after former National Security Advisor John Bolton indicated he would testify if subpoenaed, and unredacted emails from the Department of Defense (DOD) relevant to the Ukraine investigation were released.
On January 15, the U.S. House of Representatives sent the impeachment resolutions to the Senate for trial.
At least 11 million people tuned in to watch at least part of the first day of the trial on January 21, 2020.
On the federal level, there is increased pressure to liberalize marijuana laws, such as bills to reclassify marijuana from a Schedule I to a Schedule III drug.
Illinois legalized recreational use of marijuana starting January 1, and other states are expected to legalize marijuana and/or liberalize existing laws in 2020.
In December 2019, "Politico" reported that 21 of 27 presidential candidates support legalization, five want the states to decide the issue, and one (Joe Biden) has called for decriminalization of marijuana.
In December 2019, members of the Senate Committee on Commerce announced sweeping new proposals for federal laws to protect online privacy.
As 2020 opens, there are 14 candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination; four are women (Elizabeth Warren, Amy Klobuchar, Tulsi Gabbard, and Marianne Williamson) and four are people of color (Andrew Yang, Cory Booker, Gabbard, and Deval Patrick.
Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders, and Warren lead in national polling.
Biden, Sanders, Warren, Pete Buttigieg, and Klobuchar have qualified for the 7th debate on January 14 at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa.
During 2019, ten states moved toward ensuring abortion rights, while eleven passed laws to restrict legal abortions.
Illinois legalized recreational use of marijuana on January 1, and other states are expected to reform marijuana laws in 2020.
California's fight for workers' rights is being challenged by ride-sharing and food-delivery companies Uber, Postmates, Lyft, and DoorDash.
21 states and 26 local jurisdictions raised their minimum wage laws on January 1, many to $15/hour.
New York State implemented justice reforms by eliminating cash bail for many offenses.
Red flag laws go into effect on January 1 in Colorado, Nevada, and Hawaii.
Following the 2019 Virginia elections, major gun control legislation is expected in that state in 2020.
According to "Gun Owners of America," 200 counties, cities, and towns in 19 states have passed 2nd Amendment sanctuary ordinances.
The Senate of Virginia passed several gun-control laws on January 16, days before a planned pro-gun rally was planned in Richmond.
The introduction of new 5G wireless technology caused major public discussion about possible security risks and safety risks.
Many experts said 5G would require new methods to ensure the security of data.
The US Congress passed legislation regarding security concerns about 5G networks.
The federal government prohibited the use of Huawei equipment for 5G networks due to security concerns and encouraged its allies to also do so as well.
The US government imposed strict controls on US companies as to their ability to do business with Huawei, thus disrupting sales of Huawei phones overseas.
Chinese vendors and the Chinese government have denied these claims.
Huawei submitted a petition in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit against the FCC's decision to prohibit rural U.S. network providers from using equipment from the China-based vendor due to national security concerns, asking that the recent FCC order be overturned.
The development of technology has elicited various responses and concerns that 5G radiation could have adverse health effects.
An editorial in the scientific magazine Scientific American emphasized that complete scientific research regarding its effects have not been conducted and that there could be health risks.
"Wired" characterized fears that the technology could cause cancer, infertility, autism, Alzheimer's, and mysterious bird deaths as "conspiracy theory".
The US FCC and nearly all other regulators claim 5G radiation will have no significant health effects.
The United States is no longer the world's leader in science and engineering, according to a report by the National Science Foundation (NSF).
Federal government spending on research has fallen steadily since 2000, and the U.S. total contribution to research and development has fallen to 25%, compared to 33% for China.
Women hold 29% and minorities 13.3% of jobs in science and engineering.
The U.S. still leads in the granting of doctorates in science and engineering.
A trade dispute between the USA and China caused economic concerns worldwide.
In December 2019, various US officials said a trade deal was likely before a proposed round of new tariffs took effect on December 15, 2019.
US tariffs had a negative effect on China's economy, which slowed to growth of 6%.
In December 2019, new deal was announced regarding US-China trade dispute.
Farmers are skeptical of the proposed new deal, as it would require China to double the farm purchases made before the trade war started.
President Trump signed an initial trade deal worth $200 billion with China on January 15.
The United States–Mexico–Canada Agreement is a signed but not ratified free trade agreement between Canada, Mexico, and the United States.
The Agreement is the result of a 2017–2018 renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) by its member states.
Negotiations "focused largely on auto exports, steel and aluminum tariffs, and the dairy, egg, and poultry markets."
One provision "prevents any party from passing laws that restrict the cross-border flow of data".
Compared to NAFTA, USMCA increases environmental and labour regulations, and incentivizes more domestic production of cars and trucks.
The agreement also provides updated intellectual property protections, gives the United States more access to Canada's dairy market, imposes a quota for Canadian and Mexican automotive production, and increases the duty free limit for Canadians who buy U.S. goods online from $20 to $150.
Mexico and the U.S. House ratified the treaty in December 2019; the U.S. Senate ratified it in January 2020.
Environmentalists argue the treaty does not go far enough.
Angelina (French singer)
Angélina Nava (born 4 November 2006), better known as Angelina, is a French singer, who achieved fame after winning the of "The Voice Kids".
A year later, she represented her country at the 2018 Junior Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Jamais sans toi" ("Never Without You"), finishing second.
In spring 2019, she released her debut album, "Ma voie" (My Way) , with a song titled "Maman me dit" (Mother Tells Me) as its lead single.
Angelina grew up in La Ciotat in the Bouches-du-Rhône department of Southern France.
Her father is Italian, and her mother is French.
Her parents are dance teachers in La Ciotat.
None of Angelina's family members had any musical training, yet she was noted for her passion for singing and good vocal skills from a very young age.
She especially liked to sing her favorite songs in the car, practically turning it into a music studio.
At the age of five, Angelina performed in public at a charity event in Bouches-du-Rhône singing "Colors of the Wind" from the Disney animated film "Pocahontas"— an experience she now considers a defining moment, a "revelation".
Angelina always liked to watch the French version of "The Voice Kids", and when she heard that there was going to be a casting for the show nearby, she decided to try her luck and was selected to perform in front of , "The Voice" casting director.
Seven more preselection stages followed before she reached the blind audition.
She was nine at the time.
(That was the fourth season of the show and that would be televised from 19 August to 30 September 2017.)
For her blind audition, which became the first televised audition of the first episode, Angelina performed Synapson's "All in You".
Before climbing on stage, she declared: "This is the greatest day of my whole life, and if a chair turns around, I'll be the happiest person in the world."
When she got all three judges turning their chairs, she picked Patrick Fiori for her coach.
In the next round Fiori's Angelina, Eléa and Lara battled it out singing LP's "Lost on You", and it was Angelina who was chosen by the coach for the semifinal.
In the semifinal, she sang Zazie's "J'envoie valser" (I Send a Waltz), becoming one of the two team members her coach chose for the final.
(Another coach, M. Pokora, also suggested these two for the final, while Jenifer preferred Dylan and Cassidy.)
In the live final, Angelina first sang Stromae's "Tous les mêmes" ([They Are] All the Same) and then repeated her audition song, "All in You", and won.
Later in the same year, she joined the cast of for their first and only concert, recorded at on 19 November 2017 and broadcast by TF1 on 1 December.
In 2018, Angelina was chosen to represent France with the song "Jamais sans toi" at that year's Junior Eurovision Song Contest, held in Minsk, Belarus, where she finished in second place with 203 points, 15 points behind the winner.
The jury had her sixth, and the public second.
Angelina's performance at Junior Eurovision marked France's return to the contest after 14 years.
(Before that, the country had participated only once, in 2004, when Thomas Pontier finished sixth with his song "Si on voulait bien" (If We Wanted).)
After Angelina's success, Eurovision France decided that France would participate the following year as well.
In late March 2019, Angelina released a single titled "Maman me dit".
In 26 April, she released her debut album, entitled "Ma voie", which entered the French chart at number 84.
In October she announced a tour for spring 2020.
Angelina describes herself as a music addict.
She listens to music all the time when not at school.
The musicians she likes include Ariana Grande, Stromae, Amir and Bruno Mars.
Also, at an early age her parents introduced her to salsa and jazz, and she has listened to the greatest names in these genres.
Hans Andersen (footballer, born 1925)
Hans Andersen (27 May 1925 – 1 March 1999) was a Norwegian footballer who played as a striker for Lisleby, Viking and the Norwegian national team.
Hans Andersen (footballer, born 1939)
Hans Andersen (born 12 March 1939) is a Danish former footballer who played as a midfielder for Køge BK and the Danish national team.
Simone Inguanez
Simone Inguanez (born 3 December 1971) is a Maltese author and poet.
She is the eldest of 3 siblings.
Born in Bormla, she went on to live with her family in Santa Lucija.
She now lives in Kalkara.
She qualified from the University of Malta, with a degree in law, forensics and psychology.
In 2005 she published her book "Ftit Mara, Ftit Tifla".
Inguanez forms part of a number of literary groups and societies, and is well known in the local literary sphere.
She currently holds the position of Diversity and Communities Associate on the Arts Council Malta board.
1988 in the Netherlands
Events in the year 1988 in the Netherlands.
1989 in the Netherlands
Events in the year 1989 in the Netherlands.
1961–62 Four Hills Tournament
Eino Kirjonen became the third Finnish tournament winner at the tenth annual Four Hills Tournament.
Against tradition, Innsbruck was the second single event, switching with Garmisch-Partenkirchen, which was held third.
Only 53 of the 85 competitors started in all four events.
Most athletes from Czechoslovakia and East Germany did not participate in the German events.
Schattenbergschanze, Oberstdorf
<br>28 December 1961
Bergiselschanze, Innsbruck
<br>30 December 1961
Große Olympiaschanze, Garmisch-Partenkirchen
<br>01 January 1962
Paul-Ausserleitner-Schanze, Bischofshofen
<br>06 January 1962
In the overall lead ever since his dominating victory at the tournament's first event in Oberstdorf, Eino Kirjonen was 19.8 points in the lead before the final.
In Bischofshofen, Kirjonen finished 12th.
None of his closest pursuers, however, achieved a top result either (Silvennoinen 14th, Lindquist 24th, Schamov 10th).
This allowed Bischofshofen victor Willi Egger to jump up from 9th to 2nd place in the overall ranking.
List of Asian television awards
Asian television awards are or were given by several organizations for contributions in various fields of television in Asia.
Carlzon
Carlzon is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Ich bin ein Star – Holt mich hier raus!
(season 14)
"Ich bin ein Star – Holt mich hier raus!"
returned for its fourteenth series on 10 January 2020 on RTL.
Sonja Zietlow and Daniel Hartwich returned for their fourteenth and eighth season as hosts, respectively.
Also the paramedic Bob McCarron alias "Dr. Bob" was back.
On January 26, 2020, the season was won by Prince Damien Ritzinger, with Sven Ottke finishing as the runner-up.
The celebrity cast line-up for the fourteenth series was confirmed on 31 December 2019.
The contestants take part in daily trials to earn food.
These trials aim to test both physical and mental abilities.
The winner is usually determined by the number of stars collected during the trial, with each star representing a meal earned by the winning contestant for their camp mates.
The candidates go on a treasure hunt in pairs and solve a task.
If successful, they usually bring a treasure chest to the camp.
There the chest is opened, in which there is a quiz question with two possible answers.
If the candidates answer the task correctly, there is a profit such as sweets or spices; if they answer incorrectly, there is a useless consolation prize such as a garden gnome.
Less often there is an instant win after completing the task.
Illumø
Illumø is a small uninhabited Danish island lying south west of Funen.
Illumø covers an area of 0.90 km².
There is no ferry connection from the mainland to the island.
Geography of Veliko Tarnovo
Veliko Tarnovo is located in Central Northern Bulgaria, in the central pre-Balkan and in the catchment area of the Yantra River.
The main roads pass through the town, connecting the Western Balkans with the Black Sea and Central Europe with the Middle East.
The town is an urban center and forms a metropolitan area with the sedentary town of Debelets, the villages of Ledenik, Belyakovets, Shemshevo, Prisovo and the suburban areas of Kozlodzha, Dervent.
The relief of the city is highly have a medium degree of roughness (RR from 5 to 40‰).
To the east, the town is surrounded by the Tarnovo Heights, to the west by Kalakaya and Salamatya, to the south by the Debeli Bair, the Big and Small Duvar, Patryal Dyal, to the north by Orlovets and Kartala.
The average altitude is 220 meters.
Highest points: Garga Bair (373 m.), Kartala (359 m.), The Small Duvar (351 m.), Patryl share (350 m.).
There are three caves over 5 meters deep around the city – two in the Tarnovo Heights and some of the Kartala.
The geological structure is made up of: To the south, Coneyas – mastite (terrigenous-carbonate rocks), santon – mastrite (terrigeno-carbonate rocks), zenoman Middle Turon, Upper-Aryah Formation (marls and clay marls with interbeds of sandstones, sandstones), sand marbles, Krivnen Formation in places sandstone, Seshev Formation – siltstones and often glauconites.
The most rock formations in the city are in the Monsonsites: Garga Bair, Kartala, and other parts of the Tarnovo Hills.
The rocks most often are: granite, limestone, montmorillonite (bentonite) clay rocks.
The climate is temperate continental – summer temperatures average – 21.8 °C and absolute maximum 41.1 °C / and average January temperature −0.6 °C and absolute minimum – 28.1 °C /.
The western, northwest and northeast winds oriented along river valleys predominate.
The average wind speed is about 1.3 m / s. The average annual rainfall is 680 mm.
Snow cover is an average of 60 days a year.
The average humidity is 49%.
The lowest average annual temperature is in 1991 – 9.34 degrees Celsius, and the highest in 2002 is 11.73 degrees Celsius.
Most precipitation is 2005.
– 1,056.0 mm.
and at least 1985 – 531.6 mm.
Two large rivers pass through the city – Yantra and Dryanovo River.
There are also several small rivers: the Eagle River (in the Carton méxton), the Svetogorskь and Ksiliforska.
Near the dirt, there was Lake Holy Mountain and Lake Xilifore.
There are over 50 reservoirs in and around the city.
The main drinking source is the Yovkovtsi hydroelectric unit.
The chernozem is located in the historical and flat part of the city (Asenov, Varusha, Marino pole, Cholakovtsi, Acacia).
Gray forests prevail in the Tarnovo Heights, Kartala and Buzludzha.
Alluvial-meadow soils are remembered at the mouths of the Yantra and Dryanovsk rivers.
Jeff Shell
Jeff Shell is an American media executive who will soon serve as the CEO of NBCUniversal.
In 2001, Shell served as president of FOX Cable Network Group and then as president of Comcast Programming Group.
In 2019, it was announced that he will succeed Steve Burke as CEO of NBCUniversal.
Shell will report directly to Comcast CEO Brian L. Roberts.
Shell was named by President Barack Obama as chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors replacing Sony executive Michael Lynton.
Shell is married to Laura Zell.
Laura previously worked for Los Angeles County Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky as his planning deputy until 2005.
His sister is Dana Shell Smith.
In 2015, he was awarded the Dorothy and Sherrill C. Corwin Human Relations Award by the American Jewish Committee.
In January 2019, Shell, along with Cindy Crawford, her husband Rande Gerber, Mike Meldman, and Jay Sures, announced they would purchase the Hollywood deli, Nate 'n Al, to keep its doors open after three generations of family ownership.
Red wall (British politics)
The red wall, sometimes Labour's red wall, is a term used in the politics of the United Kingdom to describe a set of constituencies in the Midlands and Northern England which historically tended to support the Labour Party.
The term was coined in 2019 by pollster James Kanagasooriam.
It is sometimes used alongside the similar term Labour heartlands.
When viewed on a map of previous results, the block of seats held by the party resembled the shape of a red wall, coloured red, which has traditionally been used to represent Labour.
This effect is exaggerated when results are projected into a map showing equal-size constituencies: in 2017, continuous blocks of red spanned the longitudinal distance across the North of England.
In the 2019 general election, many of these constituencies uncharacteristically supported the Conservative Party.
Press coverage described the red wall as having "turned blue", "crumbled", "fallen", or having been "demolished".
The red wall metaphor has been criticised as a generalisation.
Lewis Baston argues that the "red wall" is politically diverse, and includes bellwether seats which swung with the national trend, as well as former mining and industrial seats which show a more unusual shift.
In 2014, political scientist Matthew Goodwin and Robert Ford documented the erosion by UKIP of the Labour-supporting working-class vote in "Revolt on the Right".
The Conservatives gained a number of previously safe northern Labour seats in the 2017 election, such as NE Derbyshire, Wallsall North, Mansfield, Stoke-on-Trent South, and Copeland (held from the 2017 Copeland by-election).
In 2019, the Conservatives increased their majority in the seats previously gained.
Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has suggested prior support of many northern Labour voters for UKIP and the Brexit Party made it easier for them to vote Conservative.
In the 2019 general election, the Conservative Party gained 48 seats net in England.
The Labour Party lost 47 seats net in England, losing approximately 20% of its 2017 general election support in red wall seats.
All of these seats voted to leave the EU by substantial margins, and Brexit appears to have played a role in these seat changes.
Notable examples of "red wall" constituencies taken by the Conservatives include:
Voters in Bolsover and swing voters of the type thought to be typified by Workington man cited Brexit and the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn as reasons why they voted against Labour.
Labour lost so much support in the red wall in some seats, like Sedgefield, Ashfield and Workington, that even without the vote increase for the Conservatives, the Conservatives would have taken those seats.
Journalist Nicholas Farrell has used the term to describe historically left-supporting regions of Italy, such as Emilia-Romagna which are under comparable pressure by Matteo Salvini and his right-wing populist Lega Nord party.
Rågø
Rågø is a small uninhabited Danish island lying south Zealand.
Rågø covers an area of 0.8 km².
Dagmar Borup
Emilie Marie Dagmar Borup ("née" Alexandersen; 25 February 1867 – 14 January 1959) was a Danish pianist and music educator.
She is remembered in particular for introducing ear training into the curriculum of the Royal Danish Academy of Music and related institutions.
She adapted and expanded the approach she had learnt in Rome, Berlin and Paris by publishing textbooks and demonstrating it to students in Sweden and the Netherlands.
Thanks to Borup, ear training became a key aspect of education offered by her students, including the organist Ebba Nielsen and the pianist Merete Westergaard.
Born on 25 February 1867 in Horsens, Emilie Marie Dagmar Alexandersen was the daughter of the house painter Peder Alexandersen (1830–1904) and Helene Stockholm (1877–1896).
Together with her two sisters, she was raised in a warm bourgeois home.
After entering the Royal Academy in 1886, she met the violinist Julius Borup (1865–1938) whom she married in 1896.
She also became a close friend of Carl Nielsen and his wife Anne Marie Carl-Nielsen.
She was a fine pianist, frequently performing at concerts with her husband.
Borup had to abandon her career as a pianist when she began to suffer from a nerve disorder in her arms.
When she was 58, she attended solfège classes at the Paris Conservatoire, drawing on the works of Albert Lavignac including "Solfèges des solfèges".
While the aural approach had been practised in schools, it had not been used in higher education.
Borup succeeded in having it adopted by the Royal Danish Ballet school where she was teaching in 1927 and in 1930, she had it included in the curriculum of the Royal Music Academy where she taught from 1930 to 1936.
She trained some 40 of her students in the aural method at the academy and used the ballet school as a practical setting for examining those who intended to become academics.
Dagmar Borup died in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen on 14 January 1959.
Corneil Lionel
Corneil Jaycee (or Jessie) Lionel is a Saint Lucian track and field athlete.
Born 28 October 1991 in Saint Lucia, Lionel attended Entrepot Secondary School, then went on to Iowa Western Junior College, and Abilene Christian University.
He holds Iowa Western records in the men's indoor 60m and 200m.
Lionel competes internationally for Saint Lucia, and was named Saint Lucia's athlete of the year for 2014.
Lionel's mother is Cornelia Jean Baptiste, the first woman ever to represent Saint Lucia at the IAAF World Championships in Athletics, in Helsinki 1983.
Lionel holds the Saint Lucia national record for the men's 200m run.
He ran 20.63 (+1.6 m/s) on 18 April 2015 at the John Jacobs Invitational in Norman, Oklahoma, United States of America.
Lionel also holds the national record for the indoor 200 m, having run 21.19 on 6 February 2016 at the Charlie Thomas Invitational, where he placed fifth.
Along with Rosen Daniel, Marbeq Edgar, and Talberc Poleon, Lionel ran 3:10.45 to set a Saint Lucia national record for the men's 4x400m relay at the 2014 OECS Championships in Basseterre, Saint Kitts and Nevis.
In 2014, Lionel competed at the 20th Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom.
He did not advance from the opening round, finishing fourth in the qualifying rounds of both the 100m and 200m at Hampden Park.
In 2015, Lionel competed at the Pan Am Games in Toronto, Canada.
In 2016, Lionel ran one of the fastest times in Abilene Christian University history at the third annual Wes Kittley Invitational at Elmer Gray Stadium.
Lionel won the 100 in 10.26 seconds and ranked 10th all-time in Wildcat history.
Ishmael Hyman
Ishmael Hyman (born August 23, 1995) is an American football wide receiver for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League (NFL).
He played college football at James Madison.
Hyman grew up Manalapan, New Jersey and attended St. John Vianney High School, where he played football and ran track.
As a senior, he had 24 receptions for 428 yards and four touchdowns before suffering a season-ending injury and finished fourth in the state in the 200-meter dash.
Rated a three-star recruit, Hyman committed to play college football at Kansas over offers from Boston College, Rutgers, Syrcause, Temple, James Madison and Villanova.
Hyman began his collegiate career at the University of Kansas, redshirting his true freshman year before deciding to transfer to James Madison University at the end of the season.
In four seasons with the Dukes, Hyman caught 72 passes for 1,061 yards and 11 touchdowns and was a member of the 2016 team that won the FCS National Championship.
After going unselected in the 2018 NFL Draft and going unsigned as an undrafted free agent, Hyman was signed by the Orlando Apollos of the Alliance of American Football.
Hyman caught four passes for 60 yards with Orlando before the AAF ceased operations.
Hyman was signed by the Cleveland Browns on April 25, 2019.
Hyman was waived by the Browns during final roster cuts on August 31, 2019.
Hyman was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' practice squad on September 24, 2019.
He was released but was re-signed on October 16, 2019.
The Buccaneers promoted Hyman to the active roster on December 10, 2019.
He made his NFL debut on December 15, 2019 against the Detroit Lions, catching one pass for three yards in a 38-17 win.
He was waived on December 24, 2019 and re-signed to the practice squad.
Hyman finished the season with two receptions on four targets for 34 yards in two games played.
On January 2, 2020, Hyman signed a reserve/future contract with the Carolina Panthers.
2020 Copa Sudamericana first stage
The 2020 Copa Sudamericana first stage will be played from 4 to 27 February 2020.
A total of 44 teams compete in the first stage to decide 22 of the 32 places in the second stage of the 2020 Copa Sudamericana.
<section begin=Draw />
The draw for the first stage was held on 17 December 2019, 20:30 PYST (), at the CONMEBOL Convention Centre in Luque, Paraguay.
For the first stage, the teams were divided into two pots according to their geographical zones:
The 44 teams were drawn into 22 ties (E1–E22) between a team from Pot A and a team from Pot B, with the teams from Pot B hosting the second leg in odd-numbered ties, and the teams from Pot A hosting the second leg in even-numbered ties.
This distribution ensured that teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same tie.<section end=Draw />
<section begin=Format />
In the first stage, each tie is played on a home-and-away two-legged basis.
If tied on aggregate, the away goals rule will be used.
If still tied, extra time will not be played, and the penalty shoot-out will be used to determine the winner (Regulations Article 2.4.2).
The 22 winners of the first stage advance to the second stage to join the 10 teams transferred from the Copa Libertadores (two best teams eliminated in the third stage of qualifying and eight third-placed teams in the group stage).<section end=Format />
The first legs will be played on 4–6 and 11–13 February, and the second legs will be played on 18–20 and 25–27 February 2020.
<section begin=First stage />
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
"Winner advances to the second stage."
1959 Sarawak district council elections
The first Sarawak district council elections was held in the end of 1959.
It was a multi-tiered system functioned to elect 24 members into Council Negri (now Sarawak State Legislative Assembly).
January (given name)
January is a given name.
It is derived from the name of the month, which comes from Janus, a Roman god who stood for beginnings and transitions.
Władysław Jan Grabski
Władysław Jan Grabski (21 October 1901 - 3 November 1970) was a Polish writer, publicist and poet.
His work is embedded in the Catholic current.
He wrote both historical novels related to the History of Poland as well as contemporary novels.
He is the son of the three times Prime Minister of Poland Władysław Grabski and the grandfather of the 2020 Civic Platform candidate for President, Małgorzata Kidawa-Błońska.
Władysław Jan Grabski was born on 21 October 1901 in Warsaw to Władysław Grabski, Prime Minister of Poland who served three times, and Katarzyna née Lewandowska.
He spent his childhood as described in the autobiographical novel Scarves of Childhood in Borów and St. Petersburg.
In the years of 1912–1914, he attended the Konopczyński Junior High School.
After the outbreak of World War I, he went with his parents to St. Petersburg, where he studied at the Moscow School of the Order of St Catherine, with a six-month break, when, after the outbreak of the Russian Revolution in mid-1917, she and her mother and siblings moved to Feodosia in Crimea.
In April 1918, after the conclusion of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, the whole family returned to Warsaw.
In 1920, he graduated from the Adam Mickiewicz Gymnasium in Vilnius.
In July, he volunteered for the Volunteer Army, served in the 24th Uhlan Regiment and took part in operations in Central Lithuania.
After the demobilization on November 25, 1920, he started studying at the Faculty of Law of the University of Warsaw.
After graduating in 1924, he went to Sorbonne, where he studied the history of economic doctrines as well as the history of the Middle Ages, then returned to the University of Warsaw and obtained a doctorate in 1927 for his work on Charles Fourier.
Because his father gave him part of his estate in Grabkowo in the spring of 1927.
He completed several months of gardening practices, among others was Jean Dybowski in Puławy.
In November 1927, he married Zofia Wojciechowska who was a painter and daughter of the President of Poland Stanisław Wojciechowski and First Lady Maria Wojciechowska.
After their marriage, they settled in a house built for them by his father in Grabków, where they lived until their death.
From 1927 to 1929, Grabski worked at the Economic Office of the National Bank of Poland.
In 1929, he was diagnosed with Advanced Pulmonary Tuberculosis.
After long-term treatment in sanatoriums in Zakopane, Vienna Woods and Davos he returned to Grabków, but the consequences of the disease were to accompany him for the rest of his life.
Since then, he devoted himself to writing and journalism.
He was associated with the national movement.
He did journalism in the magazines such as the ABC daily and the Prosto z mostu artistic and literary weekly edited by the national activist and journalist Stanisław Piasecki with whom he was friends with.
Through him, he made contact with Bolesław Piasecki and the emerging National Radical Camp.
He was among the people who signed the Principles of the National Radical Program in 1937, but soon became discouraged as a result of this movement joining the sanation Obóz Zjednoczenia Narodowego (OZN), as well as their radical anti-Semitism, which he expressed by publishing a poem in 1937 entitled Przytyk pogrom.
From 1938, he was a member of the Trade Union of Polish Writers.
At that time, he began studies in Paris on the history of Western Slavs in the early days of Poland and the Middle Ages, which he used in his later work.
He participated in the September campaign as a volunteer in the Chełm Regiment Zborny, he took part in the Battle of Tomaszów Lubelski.
Together with his regiment, he was surrounded by the Red Army near Kamionka Strumiłłowa on the bug.
He managed to return to Grabków on October 17, after taking off his uniform.
During the occupation, he was a member of the Home Army for the Polish Underground State.
He also hid Jews and survived the war with his family in Grabków.
In March 1945, he was persuaded by Edward Ochab, who was then the government's representative for the Regained Territories, to become his scientific adviser.
This work, which at Grabski's request was not related to remuneration, continued in the newly created Ministry of Regained Territories.
He wrote the brochure distributed to displaced persons Poland on the Oder, Nysa and Pasłęka and prepared a historical guide of the history of the cities of Western lands titled 200 cities return to Poland in 1947, in which his father-in-law helped the author.
In 1948, he left the ministry in protest against the position represented by the authorities against the so-called native people.
Cardinal August Hlond appointed him to the Primate's Council for the Reconstruction of Warsaw Churches, where he led the propaganda section and wrote the text for the album Churches of Warsaw in Reconstruction, which, however, was granted censorship permission for printing only in 1956.
He also published in Tygodnik Warszawski and Tygodnik Powszechny.
From the end of 1950, the censorship "record" began to apply to him, which in practice deprived him of the possibility of publishing.
The harassment also extended to his sons.
In June 1955, a peer court of the Union of Polish Writers deleted him from the list of members for writing an unpublished Catholic Ballade, which was impressed by Konstanty Ildefons Gałczyński, with whom he had been friends since the time of cooperation with Prosto z Mostu.
In support of the ruling, it was stated that the ideological atmosphere of the song was "deeply contradictory to humanistic ideas" in force in the Związek Literatów Polskich (ZLP) and "works to violate the patriotic unity of our nation".
Fearful of a search at home, he destroyed several manuscripts, including most of the already completed novel Cale God.
Her remaining fragment was published in 1961 in the short story Tartak started.
The trial was a great shock for Grabski, traces of which can be found in the introduction to the Scar of Childhood and in the poem To a friend of Ballada , published in the volume of poetry Świat na podararu (1958).
Half a year after the trial, the aftermath of tuberculosis was renewed.
During his several months in hospital, the political climate in Poland began to change and in June 1956, the plenum of the Polish People's Party reactivated him as a member, however, he did not see rehabilitation.
During his first stay in the Union after a break, in September 1956, at the election meeting of delegates, he advocated for imprisoned Primate Stefan Wyszyński.
Later, he held certain functions in the Board of the Association.
He was also an active member of the PEN Club.
After 1956, he established cooperation with the PAX Publishing Institute, but he was not a member himself, in which he published his subsequent books.
He was the first president of the Krąg literary club publishing house .
He wrote for the weekly "Kierunki" and "Wrocław Weekly Catholic", published by PAX.
In 1967 there was another renewal of the disease and final exclusion from public life.
After a two-year stay in the hospital, he returned home for a year and finished work on the Scar of childhood (1971).
In August 1970 he was taken to the hospital again, where he died on November 1970, at the age of 68.
He is buried in Powązki Cemetery.
He made his debut in 1923 with the poetic volume 'Russia.
Pictures and thoughts with a poem "created under the influence of the author's experiences during the October Revolution.
During his stay in France, he published a volume of sonnets "Three Wreaths" by the Polish Society of Book Friends in Paris.
Part of the edition was published in a numbered bibliophile edition illustrated with engravings signed by their authors such as Wacław Zawadowski, Franciszek Prochaska and Konrad Brandel.
The first novel, Brothers, who initiated the three-volume series, presenting critically the political situation in Poland in the period from the assassination of President Narutowicz to the time after the May Revolution.
It first appeared in episodes, often confiscated by censorship, in the national daily ABC (1933), and the later (1934) book edition of the Rój Publishing Society was also "decorated" with white pages by censorship.
Among other things, a text describing the meeting of President Stanisław Wojciechowski with Józef Piłsudski on the Poniatowski Bridge during the May Coup in 1926.
He did not want to publish further volumes of the series swarm for political reasons, but the Poznań Printing and Bookstore of St. Wojciech.
In 1935, it appeared in the same publication Lie, and the following year the last volume cycle on the edge.
He also wrote several novels in episodes under pseudonyms, including in Dziennik Poznański, the crime story Bloody Traces, and under his own name Rust of life, which, however, he did not later publish in book form due to anti-Semitic accents appearing in it and in the meantime.
In the years 1937–1938, he gave up political issues, and in his work, there was a fundamental shift towards universally understood Christianity.
It was opened by the novel In the Shadow of the Collegiate Church, published in 1939, which was reissued many times after the war, and became a representative of Polish Catholic literature.
During the occupation, he wrote the historical story of Saga about Jarl Bronisz published in Poznań by the Greater Poland Publishing Bookstore in three volumes, Zrękowiny in Uppsala in (1946) and the Trail of the Vikings and the Year of the Thousand in (1947).
During the war, he also began working on the Confessional (1948), which is a continuation of the thread In the shadow of the collegiate church.
The next historical novel, Rhapsody of Świdnica, set in the second half of the fourteenth century, during the twilight of the domination of Polish influence in Lower Silesia, was completed in 1953, but it was only granted permission for censorship at the end of 1955 and published in the Pallottinum Publishing House in Poznań.
Illustrations for this book were made by wife Zofia.
Grabski published books after 1956 in the PAX Publishing House (Warsaw).
The first item was the poetry collection Świat na Podarcji (1958).
He prepared a new, revised edition of three hundred cities returned to Poland in 1960, and a small short story Tartak started (1961).
Next three contemporary novels appeared were Dominik Pola's Confidential Diary (1963), Moguncka Noc (966) and Blind Start (1966).
His last book Childhood Scars, an autobiographical tale brought about by the outbreak of World War I, which appeared in 1971, a few months after the author's death.
He did not manage to write another volume of it.
He was an avid bibliophile and also an avid photographer which among others, a series of portraits of Witkacy.
In 1947, he received the readers' prize of the monthly Odra, and in 1949, he received the Literary Prize of the Polish Episcopate.
He also received the Literary Prize of Pietrzak (1956 and 1963) and the Award of the Minister of Culture and Art, Second Degree (1965).
He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (1969).
He had four children with his wife: Kazimierz (1929–1983), Maciej Władysław (1934–2016), Agnieszka (1937–2009) and Michał (1941–1986).
SS Robert Y. Hayne
SS "Robert Y. Hayne" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after Robert Y. Hayne, an American lawyer, planter and politician.
He served in the United States Senate from 1823 to 1832, as Governor of South Carolina 1832–1834, and as Mayor of Charleston, South Carolina 1836–1837.
"Robert Y. Hayne" was laid down on 2 November 1942, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1198, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Mrs. James C. Merrill, Jr., the wife of a Merrill-Stevens Drydock & Repair Co. official, she was launched on 30 May 1943.
She was allocated to Agwilines Inc., on 20 July 1943.
On 30 May 1946, she was placed in the Hudson River Reserve Fleet, Jones Point, New York.
She was sold for commercial use, on 19 May 1947, to Italy, and renamed "Citta Di Savona".
She was withdrawn from the fleet, 6 June 1947.
Asian television awards
Asian television awards may refer to:
Ángel Viadero
Ángel Eduardo Viadero Odriozola (born 3 January 1969) is a Spanish football coach, who is currently the head coach of Moroccan club Moghreb Tétouan.
He spent the great majority of his career managing in Segunda División B, leading both Racing Santander and their reserves in the league.
Viadero was born in Santander, Cantabria.
He began his managerial career in the reserve team of hometown club Racing de Santander, twice being relegated from Segunda División B but both times winning promotion instantly back from Tercera División.
In June 2008, he switched to SD Ponferradina on a one-year contract, also in the third division.
In February 2009, Viadero was dismissed from "Ponfe", despite the side sitting in third and therefore in the promotion play-off places.
He returned to work in July at SD Eibar, but was replaced by the returning Manix Mandiola in late April 2010.
Weeks later he was confirmed at Pontevedra CF for the new season, losing seven of his first ten matches and his job in October.
After taking SD Noja to promotion and then consolidation in the third tier, Viadero joined Sestao River Club in June 2013.
In his first season in the Basque Country, the side won their group but were eliminated 3–2 on aggregate by Gimnàstic de Tarragona in the play-off semi-finals.
Following two full campaigns at the club and Burgos CF, he withdrew from his two contracted years at the latter and returned to Racing, being named manager of their first team, now in division three.
Days after being denied a first career promotion to Segunda División via a 4–1 play-off final loss to FC Barcelona B, Viadero was given a second year in the hotseat at the "Estadio El Sardinero" on 30 June 2017.
The following 4 February he was sacked, with fans turning against him as they trailed leaders Sporting de Gijón B by eight points.
On 12 August 2019, Viadero accepted his first foreign job, taking the reins at Moroccan Botola club Moghreb Tétouan for the upcoming season.
Raphitoma maculosa
Raphitoma maculosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
This is a taxon inquerendum.
It may be a divergent form of "Raphitoma bicolor"
This marine species occurs off Norway.
2020 Brit Awards
The 2020 Brit Awards will be held on 18 February 2020 at the O2 Arena in London.
It will be the 40th edition of the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards.
On 27 November 2019, Jack Whitehall was announced as the host for the third year running.
In December 2019, it was announced that BBC Radio 1 host Alice Levine will be hosting the BRITs Are Coming Nominations Launch Show on Saturday, January 11, 2020.
The show was broadcast on ITV.
The British Phonographic Industry has "revamped" the award categories for this year's ceremony.
Several award categories have been renamed and abolished, reducing the number of awards from thirteen to nine.
The Brit Awards will no longer be supporting fan voting and will aim to start "giving artists' complete artistic control over their performances".
Brits Committee chairman David Joseph stated "Most importantly we will be putting creativity, British culture and exceptional performances at the heart of the show to make Brits night a world class celebration."
As of 18 February 2020, The British Phonographic Industry will be abolishing the following awards:
As of 18 February 2020, The British Phonographic Industry has renamed the following awards:
Following the launch show, the Brits were castigated for having male-dominated nominations on the main and gender-neutral categories.
The nominations for Album of the Year, Best Group and Best New Artist were almost entirely dominated by British male solo artists, except for Mabel who was nominated for the latter.
The winners are in bold.
Palace of Justice Antwerp
The Palace of Justice Antwerp (also often called "Butterfly Palace") is a court located in the south of the city of Antwerp on the Bolivarplaats where the South Station used to be.
The building was designed by architect Richard Rogers.
It consists of 6 large glass wings, 4 stories high.
An important point of recognition for the new court is the 6 'pointed hats', located above the large courtrooms.
In addition to these 6 large shell roofs, there are 26 smaller shell roofs, located above the smaller sitting rooms.
The meeting rooms can be reached via the central hall'.
The court is popularly called "the frietzakskes" or the butterfly palace.
The second name has to do with the top view.
Seen from the air, or on a floor plan, the six wings are reminiscent of a butterfly.
On completion, the building cost 280 million euros.
The Bolivar tunnel runs under the building.
Sardines movement
The Sardines movement (), also known as Sardines against Salvini (), is a grassroots political movement, which began in Italy in November 2019.
The movement organized an ongoing series of peaceful demonstrations to protest against the right-wing surge in the country and, more specifically, against the political rhetoric of right-wing leader Matteo Salvini.
The name "Sardines" came from the idea of organizing their rallies with high numbers of participants, packed together like sardines in a shoal.
The Sardines movement started as a flash mob on 14 November 2019, organized in Piazza Maggiore, the main square of Bologna, Emilia-Romagna.
The aim of the event was to contrast the launch of Matteo Salvini's electoral campaign for the 2020 regional election at the PalaDozza in Bologna.
The slogan of the event was ""Bologna non si Lega"", which literally translates to "Bologna does not tie itself up", but it also plays with the name of Salvini's party, "Lega".
The flash mob, which was named "6,000 Sardines against Salvini" (""), was joined by almost 15,000 people, surprising the whole country and receiving a large media coverage.
The movement rose up during the electoral campaign for the 2020 Emilia-Romagna regional election, which has been considered as the first competitive one in the history of the region.
Emilia-Romagna has been a stronghold of left-wing parties since the end of the World War II, but in the 2018 general election the centre-right coalition became the largest political force in the region.
The Sardines movement started its activity with the aim of preventing a right-wing victory in the January 2020 election.
The first Sardines' rally was warmly welcomed by the Democratic Party (PD), especially by its secretary Nicola Zingaretti, its president and former Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni and Emilia-Romagna incumbent governor Stefano Bonaccini.
Former Prime Minister and PD's founding father, Romano Prodi, stated that the Sardines are "formidable", adding that they must not be neither "colonized" nor "exploited" by any party.
On 18 November, a second Sardines' rally gathered Piazza Grande in Modena, with more than 7,000 people taking part in the event.
In December, the movement spread outside Emilia-Romagna.
On 1 December, more than 25,000 people participated in a rally in Piazza Duomo in Milan, while on the previous day, almost 30,000 gathered Piazza della Repubblica in Florence.
On 10 December, 40,000 people demonstrated in Turin in Piazza Castello.
Other protests have been staged in Naples and Palermo.
On 14 December, one month after their first rally, Sardines organized a demonstration in Rome at Piazza San Giovanni.
According to the organizers almost 100,000 people joined the rally.
During Rome's demonstration, Sardines' "de facto" leader, Mattia Santori, presented the movement's proposals to politics, which included, among others, political transparency, condemnation of hate speech, laws against verbal violence and a new immigration policies.
Santori especially asked to Giuseppe Conte's government to abolish the so-called "Salvini Decree", a law approved by the previous government, which contained a series of hardline measures that abolished key forms of protection for migrants and made it easier for them to be deported.
The decree also suspended the refugee application process of those who were considered "socially dangerous" or who had been convicted of a crime.
On the same day, smaller demonstrations also took place in Brussels, Paris and Berlin.
On 19 January, the movement returned in Bologna, with more than 40,000 people attending a rally in "Piazza VIII Agosto".
It was the last demonstration before the January 26 regional election and was named "Welcome back to open sea".
The rally was characterized by a 6-hour long concert with singers and artists like Afterhours, Subsonica, Marracash, Matilda De Angelis, Skiantos, Casa del vento, Bandabardò, Modena City Ramblers, Marlene Kuntz and Pif.
The movement declares itself not linked to any party and to mainly pursue the ideals of anti-fascism and the fight against racial discrimination, as well as the rejection of right-wing populism and verbal violence in Italian politics, which they claim should be legally considered as physical violence.
The Sardines movement has been generally considered on the left-wing of the political spectrum and has been compared to "Girotondi" and Purple People, two grassroots movements which rose up in the 2000s to protest against then Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
According to some political commentators, the movement would be limited only to a generic critique of the right-wing, with its open opposition to Matteo Salvini, who is depicted as an authoritarian and undemocratic leader.
Moreover critics accused the Sardines of supporting the ruling centre-left government of Giuseppe Conte.
Thomas Bergman
Thomas Bergman (born 9 February 1960) is a former Swedish football player.
During his club career, Bergman played for IF Brommapojkarna, AIK Fotboll and Vasalunds IF.
Bergman made four appearances for the Sweden national football team, between 1983 and 1984.
Siemensbahn
Siemensbahn is an S-Bahn line in Berlin.
It is named after the company "Siemens & Halske", which built the route independently between 1927 and 1929.
It is almost four and a half kilometers long and has been out of service since the Reichsbahner strike in September 1980.
There are plans to reactivate the route by 2025.
The Siemensbahn starts at Jungfernheide station, where it is connected to the Ringbahn.
From there it runs west and branches off at approximately the same height as the Ringbahn from the Hamburger Bahn.
Unlike this, however, it takes the route north across the Spree and first reaches Wernerwerk station.
After the station, it makes an extensive 90-degree angle, runs briefly to the west, where the Siemensstadt station is located (both in the district of Siemensstadt), and then to the northwest.
After a good kilometer it reaches the terminus Gartenfeld in the locality of the same name.
This was additionally equipped with an equestrian signal box and a six-track parking facility.
Almost the entire length of the route is designed as a viaduct railway, only the terminus at Gartenfeld is at ground level.
Its grounds and buildings have since been used by a garden center that has been abandoned since 2012.
In 1905, the Siemens group had its own train station set up for its employees so that they could get to work faster.
The station opened on the Hamburg and Lehrter Bahn as Fürstenbrunn (later: Siemensstadt-Fürstenbrunn) initially had high passenger numbers, but was still unfavorable on the site.
Since the factory center also moved to northern Siemensstadt in the 1920s, the factory management was looking for an alternative solution.
In 1925 Siemens and the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG) agreed to build a new route.
The construction of the route and the equipment of the stations took over the Siemens Bauunion.
The company provided the site.
The Reichsbahn was only supposed to ensure operation.
This arrangement was also possible because CEO Carl Friedrich von Siemens was also President of the Board of Directors of the DRG.
Construction began in 1927 and was completed in two years.
On December 18, 1929, traffic began.
The trains were electric, the great electrification of the Berlin city, ring and suburban railways was just in full swing.
In the first few years the trains ran to Neukölln or Papestrasse.
Passenger numbers rose significantly, with the route being largely used by workers at the Siemens plants.
Of the roughly 90,000 employees that Siemens employed in Siemensstadt at the time, around 17,000 used the S-Bahn to and from their workplace every five minutes.
A development plan by Albert Speer provided for a transfer station at the end of the route.
The route was damaged in the Second World War.
So the Spree Bridge was destroyed just behind the junction.
Already on September 17, 1945 it could be replaced by a makeshift bridge.
At this point, the Siemens freight railway had already been provisionally connected to the Gartenfeld S-Bahn station via a wooden ramp, since the Wehrmacht had blown up the Spree Bridge.
The second track was delivered to the Soviet Union as a reparation payment.
Up to April 28, 1948, freight traffic took place predominantly in the night hours on the S-Bahn track.
The connection remained until March 1950 because Siemens repaired S-Bahn cars for the Deutsche Reichsbahn.
The two-track operation was resumed on December 3, 1956 after the new Spree Bridge was built.
The previous number of users was no longer achieved because the Siemens group had moved its headquarters to Munich.
From then on, the route was one of the least used in the entire Berlin S-Bahn network.
As a result, the trains were pulled back to Jungfernheide, and mostly older vehicles of the ET 168 and ET 165 series were used, which last ran every 20 minutes with 30 to 40 passengers.
After the Reichsbahner strike in September 1980, traffic was stopped.
With the Siemensdamm and Rohrdamm stations on the U7 underground line, which opened in October 1980, Siemensstadt had an alternative to the Wernerwerk and Siemensstadt stations.
In August 1995, the section of the route between the district border to Spandau and the Gartenfeld station was listed.
In 2005, when the Charlottenburg lock was built, the Spree was relocated, partially removing the railway embankment between the junction of the ring railway and the southern bank of the Spree and demolishing the foreland bridge of the Spree bridge.
In 2007 the Berlin Senate objected to the deconstruction of the railway site requested by the Federal Railway Authority.
Negotiations between the Deutsche Regionalale and Deutsche Bahn to take over the infrastructure between Wernerwerk and Gartenfeld were unsuccessful in 2008.
Since the decommissioning, Deutsche Bahn AG or the districts of Spandau and Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf, in which the railway line runs, have carried out only a few maintenance works on the decaying and overgrown track systems, the substructure and the train stations.
The Deutsche Bahn estimated its costs for securing the route at 500,000 euros annually.
Later she estimated the effort for three years (2013-2015) to only 133,000 euros.
In 2014, the architect and lecturer at the Stuttgart University of Applied Sciences Rebecca Chestnutt-Niess worked with students to develop designs for subsequent use.
The re-urbanization project of the Siemensbahn included the establishment of a swimming lane on a section of the route, the targeted greening of the viaduct and the setting up of a foot and cycle path.
The proposals were issued in July 2014 at Halemweg 21, a former Schlecker branch.
The Siemensbahn is still included in the Berlin land use plan from November 2017.
After that, it should also be possible to extend it beyond Gartenfeld via Daumstraße (Wasserstadt Oberhavel) to Hakenfelde.
The route would run along the old Berlin-Spandau shipping canal, through the beaver protection area and parallel to Rhenaniastraße to a new Daumstraße station and then cross or cross the Havel to the new terminus at Hakenfelde on Streitstraße, south of the Goltzstraße intersection.
In the course of the early public participation of the new building project "Neues Gartenfeld", the Senate Administration presented a line deviating from the land use plan: The Gartenfeld island would have been crossed underneath and the route north along the Rohrbruchtich to Daumstrasse would have been led.
According to this planning, the Gartenfeld station would have to be relocated to the Gartenfeld island.
How much the restart would cost has not yet been estimated.
After Siemens AG decided in October 2018 to build a campus in Siemensstadt for research purposes, the group and the Senate spoke out in favor of reactivating the Siemensbahn.
In combination with the further expansion of the water city and the new construction of the island of Gartenfeld, the need to reactivate the Siemens Railway is increasing.
The Berlin Senate wish to be reactivated by 2025, it said.
The reconstruction was subsequently included in the i2030 transport project of the two federal states of Berlin and Brandenburg and the DB AG.
In November 2019, DB Netz AG tendered for the creation of a feasibility study for the second construction phase Gartenfeld - Hakenfelde across Europe.
The study includes various route options for a two-track extension for a maximum speed of 100 km/h with the intermediate stops "Gartenfeld", "Wasserstadt Oberhavel" and "Hakenfelde".
Riding West
Riding West is an American 1944 Western film directed by William Berke.
DB-1
The DB-1 is a West German sailboat that was designed by E. G. van de Stadt and Cees van Tongeren as an International Offshore Rule Three-Quarter Ton class racer and first built in 1980.
The DB-1 design was developed into the DB-2 in 1981.
The design was built by Dehler Yachts, owned by the Dehler brothers, Willi and Heinz, in West Germany starting in 1980, but it is now out of production.
The DB-1 is one of several variations of Stadt design 320.
It is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim.
It has a fractional sloop rig with running backstays, a raked stem, a reverse transom, an internally mounted spade-type rudder controlled by a tiller and a fixed fin keel.
It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel fitted.
The boat is fitted with a Faryman diesel engine of for docking and maneuvering.
The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
The design has a head located forward and no "V"-berth, the bow area being reserved for sail storage since the boats were delivered with 11 different sails.
The galley is amidships on the port side and includes a two-burner stove.
No icebox is provided.
Sleeping accommodation consists of two settee berths, two quarter berths and two pilot berths.
A navigation station id provided on the starboard side and includes chart storage.
For racing all the lines are led to the cockpit.
Storage is provided under the cockpit and in the transom lazarette.
The design uses both standing and running backstays and has winches for the running backstays.
Thee are also two winches for the genoa sheets and two winches for halyards.
The mainsheet traveller is located across the cockpit.
Track-mounted Barber haulers are provided for both the jib and genoa to control sail twist downwind when sheets are eased.
The boom vang is a solid tube design and a Cunningham is fitted for sail adjustment.
The design has a PHRF racing average handicap of 129.
The design came in second, third, fifth and sixth places in the 1980 IOR 3/4 ton cup races.
In a 1992 review Richard Sherwood wrote, "The db is claimed to be the fastest one-design production 3/4-tonner in the world, and she has won at Cowes, at Kiel, and in the Southern Ocean Racing Circuit.
The emphasis is on racing rather than cruising."
"Sailboatdata" notes "On the international racing circuit, the DB models proved unbeatable for a few years in 3/4 ton level racing.
(1983-84)."
Related development
Similar sailboats
Oleksandra Vaseyko
Oleksandra Vaseyko née Lukashko (, born 1946) is a Ukrainian farmer, awarded with Virtus et Fraternitas Medal.
Before 1939, Kalennyk Lukashko, Oleksandra’s father, was in good relations with his Polish neighbours.
During the World War II, Kalennyk has been providing aid to three Poles, hidden in a nearby forest, who had survived the Volhynia massacre.
Discovering a few days later they had been murdered, he buried them.
When Oleksandra Vaseyko was 6 years old, he showed her their resting place.
For the next seventy years she has been keeping alive the memory of the buried, looking after the graves.
She was also helping Polish archeologists in uncovering the mass burial sites of Poles murdered in Wola Ostrowiecka and Ostrówki.
In appreciation of her effort, in 2019, Vaseyko was awarded with Virtus et Fraternitas Medal.
She received the honour from the President Andrzej Duda during the event at the Polish Theatre in Warsaw.
Vaseyko has been working her whole life as a farmer in village Sokil, Liuboml Raion.
Hans Berndtsson
Hans Berndtsson (born 5 March 1956) is a former Swedish football player.
During his club career, Berndtsson played for BK Häcken and Örgryte IS.
Berndtsson made 5 appearances for the Sweden national football team, between 1981 and 1982.
Alatyrsky Uyezd
Alatyrsky Uyezd ("Алатырский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Simbirsk Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the northern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Alatyr.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Alatyrsky Uyezd had a population of 158,188.
Of these, 73.0% spoke Russian, 26.6% Mordvin, 0.1% Tatar and 0.1% Ukrainian as their native language.
2020 in United Kingdom politics and government
"Note: this section is for describing issues in narrative format if desired."
In December 2019, the World Meteorological Organization released its annual climate report revealing that climate impacts are worsening.
They found the global sea temperatures are rising as well as land temperatures worldwide.
2019 is the last year in a decade that is the warmest on record.
Global carbon emissions hit a record high in 2019, even though the rate of increase slowed somewhat, according to a report from Global Carbon Project.
2019 in United Kingdom politics and government
"Note: This section is provided for issue-based overviews in narrative format, if desired."
In April 2019, Extinction Rebellion's "International Rebellion" closed multiple London streets in protests over climate change with 1130 arrests, and in October further protests saw 1832 arrests.
In December 2019, the World Meteorological Organization released its annual climate report revealing that climate impacts are worsening.
They found the global sea temperatures are rising as well as land temperatures worldwide.
2019 is the last year in a decade that is the warmest on record.
Global carbon emissions hit a record high in 2019, even though the rate of increase slowed somewhat, according to a report from Global Carbon Project.
In the first half of 2019, global debt levels reached a record high of $250 trillion, led by the US and China.
The IMF warned about corporate debt.
The European Central Bank raised concerns as well.
Concerns increased about the European Debt Crisis as both Greece and Italy continued to have high levels of public debt.
This caused concerned about stability of the Euro.
In December 2019, the EU announced that banking ministers from EU member nations had failed to reach agreement over proposed banking reforms and systemic change.
The EU was concerned about high rates of debt in France, Italy and Spain.
italy objected to proposed new debt bailout rules that were proposed to be added to the European Stability Mechanism.
In March 2019, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May and European leaders negotiated an extension for the Parliament of the United Kingdom to ratify the Brexit withdrawal agreement.
The EU position was that the negotiation of terms for withdrawal had already ended in November 2018, and that the extension was only to give the UK Parliament more time to consider the Agreement.
Negotiations during 2019 have been primarily within the UK Parliament on whether to accept the Theresa May Government's negotiated settlement, to leave the EU without any agreement, or to abandon Brexit.
In July, the newly assembled Boris Johnson ministry declared intention to re-open negotiations on the withdrawal agreement, with the Irish backstop removed as a pre-condition.
UK and EU negotiators met for the first time on 28 August and meetings "will continue twice a week".
Fresh proposals were released by the Johnson ministry in October, which the EU dismissed as unworkable.
The Benn Act, passed by the UK parliament in September, required the prime minister to seek a further extension in the event that by 19 October, a deal has not been reached and parliament has not given its consent to a No-deal Brexit.
On 28 October 2019, the date was moved back to 2020.
A trade dispute between the USA and China caused economic concerns worldwide.
In December 2019, various US officials said a trade deal was likely before a proposed round of new tariffs took effect on 15 December 2019.
US tariffs had a negative effect on China's economy, which slowed to growth of 6%.
In December 2019, new deal was announced regarding US-China trade dispute.
The Fall Line (podcast)
The Fall Line is an American true crime podcast that covers lesser-known cases of murder and disappearance from minority communities in Georgia.
The podcast is part of the Exactly Right podcast network that includes "Do You Need a Ride", "The Purrrcast" and "My Favorite Murder".
The podcast has helped to publicize the disappearance of Dannette and Jeannette Millbrook, a cold case from Augusta, Georgia.
In 2017, Laurah Norton decided to make a podcast focusing on cases that had received little attention and had victims from underserved or marginalized communities.
She first decided to focus on the Millbrook twins after hearing an episode of "Thin Air" discussing their case.
Together with producer Brooke Gently-Hargrove, she launched "The Fall Line" on June 12, 2017.
The podcast's name refers to the Atlantic Seaboard fall line in Georgia.
The first season of the podcast focuses on the Millbrook twins who disappeared in 1990.
The second season deals with the 1989 disappearance of Monica and Michael Bennett while the third season examines the
"Grady babies", seven kidnapped children born at Atlanta's Grady Hospital.
The podcast's fourth season largely focuses on cold cases involving LGBT victims and Jane Does.
The fifth season debuted in August 2019 and recounts the circumstances surrounding the 1998 disappearance of 8-year-old Shy’kemmia Pate in Unadilla, Georgia.
Allievi
Allievi is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Suzanne Masson
Suzanne Masson (born in Doullens, France on 10 July 1901, died 1 November 1943 in Hamburg, Germany) was a union activist and communist, who was executed for her work in the French Resistance during World War II.
Suzanne Masson was hired as a designer at the Rateau factory (now Alstom) in La Courneuve, a northern suburb of Paris, where from the mid-1920s, she was an industrial design technician, the only woman at this level of qualification at the factory.
In 1926 she became a member of a local labor group, abbreviated CGT.
In February 1934 she joined the French communist party.
In 1938 she was released from the turbine factory because of her involvement in strikes there with the federation of the French Communist Party of the Seine.
She took part in solidarity actions with republican Spain fighters and their anti-fascism efforts.
In 1939, after the French Communist Party was banned, she continued to work for it illegally.
After German troops occupied Paris on June 14, Masson distributed leaflets and organized peoples' committees.
In La Courneuve, she was instrumental in setting up the local resistance group and with her CGT comrades who had gone underground.
On February 5, 1942, she was discovered and fled to her house at 95, boulevard Macdonald in Paris where she was arrested by the police of the French Vichy government who were cooperating with German occupiers.
First interned in the women's prison at Petite-Roquette ND then at the "Health" prison called La Santé in France, she was finally delivered to the Gestapo who deported her to Germany.
On May 18, 1942, she was sent to Karlsruhe and later transferred to Anrath.
In June 1943 at Lauerhof prison, she was tried for possession of weapons, her calls for resistance against the German occupiers, and her clandestine connections with the French Communist Party.
As a result, she was sentenced to death.
She was given the opportunity to plea for mercy but she refused to do so, declaring in court that it was her duty as a French patriot and communist to fight for humanity.
On November 1, 1943, she was guillotined in the Hamburg prison courtyard.
In 1946, Masson was posthumously given the French Order of Merit and appointed Knight of the French Legion of Honor by Ambroise Croizat, Minister of Labor and Social Security.
In October 1950, a Paris trade union educational institution, the Suzanne Masson Center (in the 12th arrondissement of Paris), was named after her.
Each year, the Center commemorates May 8, 1945, the "date of the victory of freedom against barbarism" and to "pay tribute to those who fought Nazism at the risk of their lives, such as Suzanne Masson."
In 2005, a street (the rue de la Gare), near the La Courneuve - Aubervilliers railway station, was renamed rue Suzanne-Masson.
On the site of the Hamburg prison, a plaque on the back wall of the detention center commemorates the two fighters who were killed there.
A translation of the inscription reads:
France Bloch-Sérazin, February 21, 1913 -- February 12, 1943
Suzanne Masson, July 10, 1901 - November 1, 1943
"These two French women were beheaded with a guillotine in this prison because of their resistance to National Socialist tyranny in occupied France."
In 2014, a path was named for Masson in the 19th arrondissement of Paris.
In 1938, the Central Execution Center for Northern Germany was set up in the Hamburg remand prison.
As of 1988, there were three commemorative plaques at the site.
Kyron Hayden
Kyron Hayden (born 7 June 1999) is an Australian rules footballer playing for North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He played junior football in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) for Subiaco before he was selected in the 2017 AFL draft.
Hayden made his AFL debut late in the 2019 season, but ruptured his achilles tendon during the game and missed the remainder of the season.
SS John Philip Sousa
SS "John Philip Sousa" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after John Philip Sousa, an American composer and conductor of the late Romantic era known primarily for American military marches.
"John Philip Sousa" was laid down on 29 March 1943, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1200, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Mrs. Kenneth A. Merrill, the wife of the vice president of the St. Johns River SB Co., she was launched on 4 July 1943.
She was allocated to Wessel Duval & Co., Inc., on 6 August 1943.
On 6 June 1946, she was placed in the Hudson River Reserve Fleet, Jones Point, New York.
She was sold for commercial use, on 15 October 1946, to Compania Internacional de Vapores, and renamed "Erato".
She was withdrawn from the fleet, 1 November 1946.
On 30 September 1965, while operating as "Protostatis", she ran aground in Lake Ontario and suffered extensive damage.
After being refloated, she ran aground on Wolfe Island, at the mouth of the St. Lawrence River, while being towed to Montreal, on 16 November 1965.
She was declared a constructive total loss (CTL) and scrapped in 1966.
Bongfish
Bongfish GmbH, credited as Bongfish, is a video game developer and publisher in Graz, Austria.
Originally founded as a start-up in the science incubator of Graz University of Technology, the company was established in its current form in 2007.
Bongfish published its first video game, "Stoked" for Xbox 360, in 2009.
A year later, 2010, "Harms Way" was the first title by Bongfish developed for Microsoft Studios.
This was followed up in 2012 with the title "Red Bull Crashed Ice Kinect" on the Xbox 360 console for Red Bull Media House and Microsoft Studios.
With "Motocross Madness," a third title was published for the Xbox 360 in 2013.
In 2015, Bongfish started a co-development partnership with Wargaming to create game-play features and content for their MMO "World of Tanks" and their "Frontline" game mode.
Together with Flashman Games LLC, Bongfish acquired the rights to produce "Smurfs' Village" a social mobile game based on the Smurfs franchise in 2016.
In 2019, Bongfish founded Blackshark.ai, a sub-division of the company focusing on geospatial analytics and spatial computing.
Official website
Comfort Asamoah
Comfort Asamoah was a Ghanaian politician.
She was a member of parliament representing the Ashanti Region from 1960 to 1965 and the member of parliament for Asante Mampong from 1965 to 1966.
Asamoah was among the first women to enter the parliament of Ghana in 1960 under the representation of the people (women members) act.
She was among the 10 women who were elected unopposed on 27 June 1960 on the ticket Convention People's Party.
Prior to entering parliament, she served with the Workers Brigade from 1957 to 1960.
Baylor Lady Bears volleyball
The Baylor Lady Bears volleyball team represents the Baylor University in National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) Division I competition.
The women's volleyball program at Baylor University began in 1978.
Ryan McGuyre has been the coach since 2015.
The team plays its home matches at Ferrell Center.
Ridin' Down the Trail
Ridin' Down the Trail is a 1947 American Western film directed by Howard Bretherton and written by Bennett Cohen.
The film stars Jimmy Wakely, Dub Taylor, Douglas Fowley, John James, Douglas Aylesworth and Beverly Jons.
The film was released on October 4, 1947, by Monogram Pictures.
2020 European Men's and Women's Team Badminton Championships
The 2020 edition of the European Men's and Women's Team Badminton Championships will be held in Liévin, France, from 11 to 16 February 2020.
This tournament also serves as European qualification for the 2020 Thomas & Uber Cup.
The 2020 European Men's and Women's Team Badminton Championships officially crowned the best male and female national teams in Europe and at the same time worked as the European qualification event towards the 2020 Thomas & Uber Cup finals.
63 teams consisting of 34 men's team and 29 women's team entered the tournament.
This tournament will be held at Arena Stade Couvert in Liévin, France.
The defending Champions, Denmark, were top seeded for both men’s and women’s team, while the host country France were seeded third.
The draw was held on 3 December 2019.
The men's team group stage consisted of six groups with four teams in each and two groups with five teams in each.
The women's team group stage consisted of six groups with four teams in each and one group with five teams.
In each group, teams played each other once.
The eight group winners qualified for the knockout stage.
<section begin=Bracket1 />
<section end=Bracket1 />
In each group, teams played each other once.
The seven group winners and the one best runners-up qualified for the knockout stage.
<section begin=Bracket2 />
<section end=Bracket2 />
Hannah Cobb
Hannah Cobb is an archaeologist at the University of Manchester, noted for her work on pedagogy, post-humanist theory, and diversity and equality in archaeology.
Cobb undertook her PhD research at the University of Manchester, completed in 2008.
Cobb is a lecturer in Archaeology at the University of Manchester.
Her research focuses on the Mesolithic archaeology of north-west Europe, and archaeological pedagogy.
Cobb has co-edited several monographs, including "Investigating the" "Role of Fieldwork in Teaching and Learning Archaeology" and "Reconsidering Archaeological Fieldwork".
Her work on archaeological pedagogy is strongly influenced by DeLanda and assemblage theory.
Cobb is the Chair of the CIFA Equality & Diversity Group, and founded the Everyday Sexism Project.
She was elected as a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 2016.
The Ardnamurchan Transitions Project, which Cobb co-directs, was awarded the 2014 Archaeology Training Forum (ATF) Training Award.
She also co-directs the Whitworth Park Community Archaeology and History project.
Die Caufner-Schwestern
Die Caufner-Schwestern was a vocal trio founded in East Germany in 1977.
The members of the group were the three sisters Juliane Albrecht (née Kaufner), Isa Kaufner and Irina Kaufner.
The group mainly played disco music.
Even as children, the four sisters Iris, Juliane, Isa and Irina Kaufner sang polyphonic movements together in Rostock.
Juliane and Isa received vocal training from 1972 to 1973 and were members of the College Formation.
The pieces "Dein und mein", "Als ich nachher von dir ging" and "Vom Träumen" with Isa Caufner as solo singer was on the compilation LP "Examen in Musik", published in 1973.
Juliane Kaufner married the musician and later Amiga music producer Klaus-Peter "Biene" Albrecht.
In 1976, the four sisters founded the vocal quartet "Caufner-Collection".
In 1977, they were featured on the television show "Familien-Disko".
Iris Kaufner left the group.
The band had to rename itself to "Caufner-Schwestern".
By 1978, there was five episodes for the "family disco".
In 1978, their first single "Komm doch" was released; the follow-up single "Laß dieses „he“" was released in the same year.
For their tour program "Drei unterwegs", they were awarded the sponsorship award by the General Director of the Komitee für Unterhaltungskunst.
Die Caufner-Schwestern appeared on the television show Ein Kessel Buntes and also performed concerts abroad.
In 1980, Isa Kaufner left the trio to perform as Isa Caufner.
Among other things, she played for three months in November 1980 in the play "Die Menschenfresserin" by the Bulgarian dramatist Ivan Radojew at the Volksbühne Berlin.
In 1982 the piece "Man weiß ja nie" by Die Caufner-Schwestern and "Ich bin ich" by Isa Caufner were released on a compilation LP.
Juliane Albrecht and Irina Kaufner performed as a duo until 1987.
Irina died of cancer in 2010.
In 1989, Juliane Albrecht and her husband and other musicians founded the country band "Country Delight", to which they still belong as of 2016.
Riza Eibenschütz
Riza Eibenschütz, married name Riza Malata, (17 February 1870 – 16 January 1947), was an Austrian operatic soprano and contralto.
Born in Budapest, Eibenschütz was the daughter of a merchant.
She studied singing at the Konservatorium Wien Privatuniversität with Josef Gänsbacher and Marianne Brandt.
Her large vocal range allowed her to sing both soprano and alto parts during her subsequent career as an opera singer.
Eibenschütz received her first engagement at the Opernhaus Leipzig, where she made her debut as Selica ("L'Africaine") in 1894.
After that she sang for two years at the Stadttheater Strasbourg.
In 1897 she went on a two-year North American tour with the Damrosch Opera Company.
Among others she sang at the Metropolitan Opera in New York.
Afterwards she returned to the Leipzig Opera, to whose ensemble she belonged from 1899 to 1902.
On 15 February 1902 she appeared at the premiere of the opera " by Felix Weingartner.
In 1901 she had a guest appearance in Munich.
In 1902 Eibenschütz became a member of the Semperoper in Dresden.
There she sang among others at the world premieres of " by Leo Blech (6 October 1902), "Odysseus Tod" by August Bungert (30 October 1903) as well as R. Strauss' operas "Salome" (9 December 1905), "Elektra" (25 January 1909) and "Der Rosenkavalier" (as "Marianne Leitmetzerin", 26 January 1911).
She had several guest appearances, among others at the court opera of Berlin (1892 and 1908).
Among Eibenschütz' most successful roles were Brünnhilde ("Der Ring des Nibelungen"), Senta ("Der Fliegende Holländer"), Rezia ("Oberon"), Rachel in Halévy's ("La Juive") and Leonore in "Fidelio".
There are several recordings of her, among others published by HMV (Dresden 1908) and Odeon.
After her departure from the stage Eibenschütz worked as a singing teacher in Vienna.
Among her pupils was the chamber singer Hanny Steffek (1927–2010).
Eibenschütz was married to the conductor Oskar Malata (1875-1959).
She died in Perchtoldsdorf near Vienna at age 76.
Her siblings were the conductor Siegmund Eibenschütz, the pianist Ilona Eibenschütz and the actress Gina Eibenschüt, her niece the singing teacher Maria Theodora Eibenschütz.
Al Messila station
Al Messila station is a station on the Doha Metro's Green Line.
It serves districts on the border between Doha and Al Rayyan, specifically Al Messila, Al Sadd, New Al Hitmi, and Lebday.
It is found on Al Rayyan Road in Al Sadd, across the street from Al Sadd's boundary with Al Messila.
The station currently has two metrolinks.
Facilities on the premises include restrooms and a prayer room.
The station was opened to the public on 10 December, 2019 along with the other stations of the Green Line (also known as the "Education Line").
Al Messila station has two metrolinks, which is the Doha Metro's free feeder bus network, servicing the station:
It is served by bus routes 40, 41, 42, 43, 45, 104 and 104A.
1990 in the Netherlands
Events in the year 1990 in the Netherlands.
Ardatovsky Uyezd (Simbirsk Governorate)
Ardatovsky Uyezd ("Ардатовский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Simbirsk Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the northwestern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Ardatov.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Ardatovsky Uyezd had a population of 189,226.
Of these, 59.6% spoke Russian, 39.4% Mordvin and 0.9% Tatar as their native language.
Opinion polling for the 1979 United Kingdom general election
In the run-up to the 1979 United Kingdom general election, various organisations carry out opinion polling to gauge voting intention.
Results of such polls are displayed in this article.
The date range for these opinion polls are from the October 1974 general election until 3 May 1979.
All data is from UK Polling Report.
Thomas Otley
Thomas H. Otley (1861 – July 1922) was a British trade union leader.
Otley worked as a plasterer.
His cousin, Arthur Otley, served as general secretary of the National Association of Operative Plasterers (NAOP), which Thomas joined in 1890.
In 1896, Arthur resigned in protest at the appointment of an assistant general secretary, J. Lamb.
Lamb soon fell into conflict with the union's new general secretary, Michael Deller.
After only three months, Thomas Otley replaced Lamb in the role, and worked closely with Deller.
Deller died in January 1906, and Otley was appointed as acting general secretary.
He easily won election to the permanent post, in which he focused on administration and made few changes.
The union was struggling financially, and in 1909 the assistant general secretary was made redundant.
He did arrange for the purchase of a new head office, at 37 Albert Street in London.
From 1910, membership began increasing again, the Cork City Society of Plasterers joining the union, and the National Health Insurance Act 1911 giving it a key welfare role in the industry.
The union also became a founder member of the National Federation of Building Trade Operatives, and Otley served on its Emergency Committee.
In July 1922, while on holiday, Otley went sea swimming.
After leaving the water, he suffered a fatal heart attack.
2019–20 Alaska Anchorage Seawolves men's ice hockey season
The 2019-20 Alaska Anchorage Seawolves men's ice hockey season was the 41st season of play for the program, the 36th at the Division I level and the 27th in the WCHA conference.
The Seawolves represented the University of Alaska Anchorage and were coached by Matt Curley, in his 2nd season.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Thomas F. Catapano
Thomas F. Catapano (August 16, 1949 – May 22, 2005) was an American politician who served in the New York State Assembly from the 54th district from 1983 to 1992.
Lisa den Braber
Lisa den Braber (born 13 September 1992) is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer.
She represented the Netherlands at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom and at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, Brazil.
At the 2009 IPC Swimming European Championships she won the gold medal in the women's 100 metre breaststroke SB7 event.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics she won the bronze medal in the women's 100 metre breaststroke SB7 event and at the 2016 Summer Paralympics she also won the bronze medal in that event.
At the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships she won the silver medal in the women's 100 metre breaststroke SB7 event.
At the 2014 IPC Swimming European Championships she won the bronze medal in the women's 100 metre breaststroke SB7 event and in the women's 400 metre freestyle S8 event.
At the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships she won the silver medal in the women's 100 metre breaststroke SB7 event.
Alfons Sweeck
Alfons Sweeck (15 March 1936 – 13 December 2019) was a Belgian professional cyclist from 1959 to 1962.
He was the grandfather of fellow cyclists Laurens, Diether and Hendrik Sweeck.
Sweeck won a stage of the 1960 Vuelta a España and the general classification of the 1960 Tour of Belgium.
Pop Music High
Pop Music High is an American web series, produced by Emmy Award winning producer, Jenn Barlow that runs on Totally TV.
A musical romantic comedy-drama series that consists of high school friends as they sing and dance their way through the school year.
</onlyinclude>
The show was first reported by Totally TV on May 6, 2017.
Pop Music High currently tapes in Burbank, California.
Lewis Leckie
Lewis Leckie (1865 or 1866 – 20 March 1923) was a British trade union leader.
Leckie worked as an upholsterer in the East End of London.
In 1888 he joined the West London Society of Upholsterers, but the following year, he founded a new East End Society of Upholsterers.
He took the society into the Amalgamated Union of Upholsterers (AUU), and in 1894 he became the secretary of a new branch of the union, catering for piece workers.
He was highly successful, and the union's London branches decided to collectively employ him as a full-time organiser.
In 1898, Leckie was appointed as the general secretary of the AUU, initially on a part-time basis.
He was able to increase membership sufficiently that, by 1901, he became the union's first full-time general secretary.
As leader of the union, Leckie affiliated it to the Labour Representation Committee.
He also tried to arrange a merger between it, the National Amalgamated Furnishing Trades Association (NAFTA), the Amalgamated Union of Cabinetmakers and the Amalgamated Society of French Polishers, but discussions in both 1909 and 1913 failed as agreement could not be reached on levels of membership fees and benefits.
In 1918, he transformed the union by admitting all workers in the industry, regardless of perceived level of skill, and for the first time including women.
Early in the 1920s, Leckie's health declined, and he died early in 1923, still in post.
His memoirs were published by the union, the following year.
2020 Copa Libertadores qualifying stages
The 2020 Copa Libertadores qualifying stages are being played from 21 January to 27 February 2020.
A total of 19 teams compete in the qualifying stages to decide four of the 32 places in the group stage of the 2020 Copa Libertadores.
<section begin=Draw />
The draw for the qualifying stages<includeonly> and group stage</includeonly> was held on 17 December 2019, 20:30 PYST (), at the CONMEBOL Convention Centre in Luque, Paraguay.
Teams were seeded by their "CONMEBOL ranking of the Copa Libertadores" as of 15 December 2019 (shown in parentheses), taking into account the following three factors:
For the first stage, the six teams were drawn into three ties (E1–E3), with the teams from Pot 1 hosting the second leg.
For the second stage, the 16 teams were drawn into eight ties (C1–C8), with the teams from Pot 1 hosting the second leg.
Teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same tie, excluding the three winners of the first stage, which were allocated to Pot 2 and whose identity was not known at the time of the draw, and could be drawn into the same tie with another team from the same association.
For the third stage, the eight winners of the second stage were allocated without any draw into the following four ties (G1–G4), with the team in each tie with the higher CONMEBOL ranking hosting the second leg.
As their identity was not known at the time of the draw, they could be drawn into the same tie with another team from the same association.
<section begin=Format />
In the qualifying stages, each tie is played on a home-and-away two-legged basis.
If tied on aggregate, the away goals rule will be used.
If still tied, extra time will not be played, and the penalty shoot-out will be used to determine the winner (Regulations Article 2.4.3)..<section end=Format />
<section begin=Bracket />
The qualifying stages are structured as follows:
The bracket was decided based on the first stage draw and second stage draw, which was held on 17 December 2019.
The first legs were played on 21–22 January, and the second legs were played on 28–29 January 2020.
<section begin=First stage />
"Guaraní won 5–0 on aggregate and advanced to the second stage (Match C7)."
"Universitario won 2–1 on aggregate and advanced to the second stage (Match C1)."
"Barcelona won 5–1 on aggregate and advanced to the second stage (Match C8)."
The first legs will be played on 4–6 February, and the second legs will be played on 11–13 February 2020.
<section begin=Second stage />
"Winner advances to the third stage (Match G1)."
"Winner advances to the third stage (Match G2)."
"Winner advances to the third stage (Match G3)."
"Winner advances to the third stage (Match G4)."
"Winner advances to the third stage (Match G4)."
"Winner advances to the third stage (Match G3)."
"Winner advances to the third stage (Match G2)."
"Winner advances to the third stage (Match G1)."
<section begin=Third stage />
<section end=Third stage />
"Winner advances to the group stage (Group A)."
"Winner advances to the group stage (Group B)."
"Winner advances to the group stage (Group H)."
"Winner advances to the group stage (Group E)."
<section begin=Copa Sudamericana qualification />
The two best teams eliminated in the third stage enter the Copa Sudamericana second stage.
Only matches in the third stage are considered for the ranking of teams.
<section end=Copa Sudamericana qualification />
Sadakatsu
Sadakatsu (written: or ) is a masculine Japanese given name.
Notable people with the name include:
Hisamatsu
Hisamatsu (written: ) is a Japanese surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Amirhossein Bayat
Amir Hossein Bayat (, born 10 may 1998 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian goalkeeper who currently plays for Persepolis in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
Bayat started his career as a youth player at Paykan where he was invited to Iran national youth football team
He moved to Persepolis in summer 2019 and was a regular player in his first season and wear shirt number 12 as third goalkeeper of the team .
Last Update 1 July 2017
Yana Berezhna
Yana Berezhna () is a Ukrainian Paralympic swimmer.
She represented Ukraine at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom and she won the silver medal in the women's 100 metre breaststroke SB11 event.
She also represented Ukraine at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she did not win a medal at that event.
At the 2018 World Para Swimming European Championships she won the silver medal in the women's 100 metres breaststroke SB11 event and the bronze medal in the women's 200 metres individual medley SB11 event.
At the 2019 World Para Swimming Championships she won the bronze medal in the Women's 100m breaststroke SB11 event.
Ryan McGuyre
Ryan McGuyre is an American Volleyball head coach at Baylor University (2015–Present).
Through the end of 2018 his coaching record at Baylor is 83-41.
On August 2, 2013, Ryan McGuyre was announced as an assistant coach for the Florida State volleyball program.
On December 24, 2014, Ryan McGuyre was announced as the new head coach of the Baylor volleyball program.
Arishadvarga
Arishadvargais a neo noir mystery thriller film written, produced and directed by Arvind Kamath under the banner Kanasu Talkies.
The film is a tale of lust, anger, love, greed, power, jealousy, mistaken identity and individual deficiencies.
It’s a fatalistic noir of one man’s vain struggle to escape his own limitations, unfortunately, an impossibility in the world of noir.
The film stars Avinash, Samyukta Hornad, Nandagopal, Anju Alva Naik, Gopalkrishna Deshpande, Arvind Kuplikar, Sudha Belavadi, Sathya Hornad and Sreepathy Manjanbail in prominent roles.
The film had its world premiere at London Indian Film Festival during June 2019, where it received positive reviews, followed by the Asian Premiere at Singapore South Asian International film festival during September 2019 and North American Premiere at the Vancouver International South Asian Film Festival during November 2019.
Set in present-day Bangalore, an aspiring actor doubling as an amateur gigolo gets caught up in a sticky situation after accepting a surprise gift from an anonymous client.
Anish is desperately trying to make it as an actor but his dire financial situation pushes him to look for an escape, which he finds with an anonymous wealthy client.
Called to her place one day for a rendezvous, he turns up only to be met with a surprise gift, ‘a murder’.
He finds himself framed for a crime he didn’t commit with a witness who is convinced he is the culprit.
Arishadvarga is a smart and tense neo-noir thriller that will have you guessing who did it till the very end.
The music is composed by Udit Haritas ("Agnyaata") and this is his first feature film.
The film opened up with positive reviews at the London Indian Film Festival.
Josh Hurtado a popular critic who writes about Indian films stated "Arishadvarga is a Labyrinthine Thriller Full of Surprises".
The film is slated for worldwide release in February 2020.
Bezuidenhout (disambiguation)
Bezuidenhout may refer to:
139th (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery
139th (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment was an air defence unit of Britain's Royal Artillery formed during World War II.
It was one of the first 'Mixed' regiments in which women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service were integrated into the unit's personnel.
It defended West Yorkshire and the North Midlands against aerial attack until it became the first Mixed anti-aircraft (AA) unit to serve overseas, defending Brussels against V-1 flying bombs.
By 1941, after almost two years of war Anti-Aircraft Command, tasked with defending the UK against air attack, was suffering a manpower shortage.
In April its commander-in-chief, Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick 'Tim' Pile, proposed to overcome this by utilising the women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS).
The ATS was by law a non-combatant service, but it was decided that Defence Regulations permitted the employment of women in anti-aircraft (AA) roles other than actually firing the guns.
They worked the radar and plotting instruments, range-finders and predictors, ran command posts and communications, and carried out many other duties.
With the increasing automation of heavy AA (HAA) guns, including gun-laying, fuze-setting and ammunition loading under remote control from the predictor, the question of who actually fired the gun became blurred as the war progressed.
The ATS rank and file, if not always their officers, took to the new role with enthusiasm and 'Mixed' batteries and regiments with the ATS supplying two-thirds of their personnel quickly proved a success.
The first of these new batteries took over an operational gun site in Richmond Park, south-west London, in August 1941, and complete regiments soon followed, including 139th (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, whose regimental headquarters formed at Rotherham, West Yorkshire, on 1 December 1941.
It was then joined on 15 December by the following batteries:
In January 1942 the new regiment was assigned to 62 AA Brigade, responsible for the defence of Leeds and Sheffield in West Yorkshire under 10th Anti-Aircraft Division.
In February, the regiment was joined by two additional batteries:
In the Spring of 1942 a new phase in the air campaign began with the so-called Baedeker Blitz mainly directed against undefended British cities.
In 10th AA Division's area, York was accurately hit on 28 April, Hull on 19 May and 31 July, and Grimsby on 29 May, but the strongly defended towns of West Yorkshire were not attacked.
139th (M) HAA Regiment sent a cadre to 7th HAA Training Rgt at Oswestry where it formed 582 (M) HAA Bty on 27 July 1942; this battery served with 172nd (M) HAA Rgt.
As new units joined AA Command, more experienced ones were being posted away to train for service overseas, particularly for the planned invasion of North Africa (Operation Torch).
62 AA Brigade HQ was one such, transferring to First Army in August, while its AA Command commitments were taken up by other formations: 139th (M) HAA Rgt came under the command of 65 AA Bde.
In the summer of 1943, the "Luftwaffe" made a few raids against East Coast towns including Hull and Grimsby, and 5 AA Group, which was now responsible for the region, shuffled some of its units.
This included 139th (M) HAA Rgt, which by August came under 32 (Midland) AA Bde covering Derby and Nottingham.
It was joined by 668 (M) HAA Bty from 172nd (M) HAA Rgt on 28 August.
In the autumn of 1943 AA Command was asked to make cuts to free manpower for the forthcoming Allied invasion of Normandy (Operation Overlord), and some AA sites in the Midlands were abandoned.
In February 1944, 139th (M) HAA Rgt was switched to the command of 63 AA Bde and 668 (M) HAA Bty was disbanded.
Shortly after Operation Overlord was launched on D Day, the "Luftwaffe" began launching V-1 flying bombs, codenamed 'Divers', against London from Northern France.
AA Command had planned for this and Operation Diver was put into effect, with large numbers of AA units moving to South East England.
139th (M) HAA Regiment came under the temporary command of 41 AA Bde, which took over additional responsibilities for units left in the North Midlands until 63 AA Bde HQ returned.
The first 'Diver' offensive ended when the launching sites in Normandy were overrun by 21st Army Group.
A second campaign of air-launched missiles coming in from the North Sea led to a second redeployment by AA Command to East Anglia, but again 139th (M) HAA Rgt was unaffected by the moves.
Once 21st Army Group had liberated Brussels and Antwerp, these cities became targets for V-1s launched from within Germany, and anti-Diver or 'X' defences had to be established.
The missiles' small size, high speed and awkward height presented a severe problem for AA guns.
AA Command's experience had shown that the power-operated, remotely controlled static Mk IIC 3.7-inch HAA gun, which had power traverse and automatic fuze-setting, accompanied by the most sophisticated Radar No 3 Mark V (the SCR-584 radar set) and No 10 Predictor (the all-electric Bell Labs AAA Computer), were required to deal effectively with V-1s, but 21st Army Group's mobile HAA units did not have experience with this equipment.
139th (M) HAA Regiment was the first Mixed unit sent from AA Command to reinforce the Brussels 'X' defences.
The regiment was still deployed around Nottingham in early November 1944 when it was ordered to move overseas at war establishment.
This meant leaving behind one battery (518, which became independent) and finding 200 ATS reinforcements to bring the other three up to the required strength.
Fortunately there was no shortage of volunteers from other units.
The regiment's advance parties arrived in Antwerp on 18 November and spent an uncomfortable week in temporary accommodation under V-1 attack before moving on to Brussels.
Here they reconnoitred six new 4-gun sites for occupation by 16 December.
These sites lacked all provision for a static HAA gun position: there were no gun platforms, access roads, water supply, drainage or accommodation.
The Royal Canadian Engineers erected a few huts for the ATS, while the men slept in tents despite the cold weather.
The gun platforms required 2000 tons of rubble to be tipped onto soft ground, with another 800 tons for hardstandings, although the access roads were built as single tracks that were blocked by the gun transporters.
On arrival the 15-ton static guns had to be lowered precisely onto holdfasts dug into the ground.
All other facilities, including cookhouses and latrines, had to be built from scratch.
The Brussels city authorities helped with telephone lines, transport and bathing facilities.
Two gun positions were ready for action on 22 December and on 28 December 484 (M) HAA Bty fired its first rounds at incoming missiles.
Several other Mixed HAA regiments followed over succeeding weeks.
The Brussels 'X' defences under 101 AA Brigade involved an outer line of Wireless Observer Units sited to in front of the guns to give 8 minutes' warning, then Local Warning (LW) stations positioned half way, equipped with radar to begin plotting individual missiles.
Finally there was an inner belt of Observation Posts (OPs), about in front of the guns to give visual confirmation that the tracked target was a missile.
The LW stations and OPs were operated by teams from the AA regiments.
Radar-controlled searchlights were deployed to assist in identification and engagement of missiles at night.
Unlike the anti-Diver guns firing over the English Channel or North Sea, VT Proximity fuzes could not be employed by the HAA batteries at Brussels because of the risk of casualties to troops and civilians under the missiles' flightpath.
The success rate of the Brussels X defences had been low at first, but after the arrival of Mk IIC guns and experienced crews from AA Command the results improved considerably, with best results in February and March 1945.
(101 AA Bde handed over command to 50 AA Bde for the last few weeks.)
The number of missiles launched at Brussels dropped rapidly as 21st Army Group continued its advance, and in the last week the AA defences destroyed 97.5 per cent of those reaching the defence belt.
By 27 April, 139th (Mixed) HAA Regiment had been stood down,and on 3 May its personnel were back at Ticknall, near Derby, where the regiment and its three batteries were disbanded, five days before the war in Europe ended on VE Day.
While the male members of the regiment wore the Royal Artillery's 'gun' cap badge, the women wore the ATS cap badge, but in addition they wore the RA's 'grenade' collar badge as a special badge above the left breast pocket of the tunic.
Both sexes wore the white RA lanyard on the right shoulder.
2019–20 Bemidji State Beavers men's ice hockey season
The 2019-20 Bemidji State Beavers men's ice hockey season was the 64th season of play for the program, the 21st at the Division I level and the 10th in the WCHA conference.
The Beavers represented Bemidji State University and were coached by Tom Serratore, in his 19th season.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
!colspan=12 style=";" |
Manfred Palmes
Manfred Jerome Palmes (5 February 1887 – 5 May 1968) was an English first-class cricketer and Royal Navy officer.
A member of the Palmes family, he was the son of Francis Jerome Palmes and Mary Theresa Broadbent and was born in February 1887 at Naburn Hall at Naburn, Yorkshire.
Palmes graduated from the Britannia Royal Naval College in 1906, entering the Royal Navy as an acting sub-lieutenant, with confirmation in the rank coming in April 1908.
The following April he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant.
He served with the Royal Navy in the First World War, during which he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant commander in March 1917.
Following the war, Palmes played first-class cricket for the Royal Navy Cricket Club, making two appearances against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1919 and 1920.
He was promoted to the rank of commander in December 1921, a rank he retained until his retirement in February 1933.
Palmes later emigrated to South Africa, where he died at Simon's Town in May 1968.
Tread
Tread may refer to:
Margarita Laso
Margarita Laso (born July 20, 1963), is an Ecuadorian singer, writer and producer.
Laso specialises in the interpretation of songs based on traditional and regional genres of Ecuador and popular songs.
Laso began her musical training listening to her father sing tangos and tunes, boleros and songs from Ecuador.
At the age of eight, she began her studies of piano and later of guitar, and later studied singing with Blanca Hauser.
In 1989, she performed her first stage production as a soloist and since then she has given recitals, shows and recordings throughout Ecuador with a repertoire that includes boleros, traditional Latin American and Ecuadorian music, carols and tangos.
With several awards throughout her professional career, she has directed her work to the growth of local and national artistic activity and the expansion of Ecuadorian and Latin American music.
She has recorded 12 CDs with various themes.
She worked as an editor for several publications and has published five poetry books.
She participates in readings, recitals and international meetings of writers and poets.
In 1997, she won the Jorge Carrera Andrade National Poetry Prize for her book The Line of Cobras.
She is also a columnist for the Hoy newspaper of Quito.
Thomas B. Hess
Thomas B. Hess (b.1920 in Rye, New York - d. July 13, 1978) was an American art editor and curator perhaps best known for his twenty some odd year tenure at the helm of Artnews and his championing, mounting exhibitions of the works of, and writing on the artists Willem DeKooning and Barnett Newman.
Thomas Baer Hess was born in suburban Rye in Westchester County, New York the son of a New York City lawyer Gabriel Lorie Hess and wife, Helen Baer Hess .
He then sent for his initial formal education to a boarding school in Switzerland.
He then went on to do his undergraduate studies in French Art and Literature at Yale University from which he graduated Magna Cum Laude in 1942.
Immediately following college Hess worked at the MoMA under Alfred Barr and Dorothy Miller.
Soon thereafter though Hess enlisted in the U.S. Air Force during World War 2 and became a fighter pilot.
in 1944 having returned from his war service Hess went to work at ArtNews under Alfred Frankfurter and in 1949 was named executive editor of the publication.
He remained at the magazine in this editorial capacity until the periodical changed hands in 1972.
Hess was the author of two books; "Barnett Newman" and "Willem de Kooning".
He also co-editied the volumes "Art and Sexual Politics" (with Elizabeth C. Baker) and "Woman as Sex Object.
Studies in Erotic Art 1730-1970" (with Linda Nochlin).
In the final year of his life Hess was appointed by the director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Philippe de Montebello to replace Henry Geldzahler as the chief curator of 20th century art at the museum.
However on July 13th of that year Hess died of a heart attack one day short of what would have been his 58th birhtday.
Patrol torpedo boat PT-20
PT-20 was the first of the United States Navy American that served during World War II.
PT-20 was commissioned by the United States Navy and laid down on 14 October 1940 at the Elco Works of the Electric Launch Company (now Electric Boat Company) at their Bayonne, New Jersey shipyard; launched on 14 Mar 1941; and completed on 9 June 1941.
On 20 June 1941, she was commissioned and attached to Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron Two (MTBRon 2) under the command of Lt. Comdr.
Earl S. Caldwell and assigned to patrol the Panama Canal Zone.
On 13 August 1941, she was transferred to Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron One (MTBRon 1) under the command of Lt. William C. Specht and assigned to Pearl Harbor.
During the attack on Pearl Harbor, "PT-20" was moored at berth S-13 awaiting loading on the replenishment oiler "USS Ramapo (AO-12)" for MTBRon 1's assignment to the Philippines.
All 12 boats of the squadron fired on the attacking Japanese aircraft with one, "PT-23", credited with shooting down two Nakajima B5N "Kate" torpedo bombers.
In May 1942, the squadron was reassigned to Lt. Clinton McKellar Jr. and tasked with the defense of Midway Island being lead by Marine Corps Colonel Harold D. Shannon.
The squadron made the 1,385 mile trip under their own power, then the longest made by PT boats to date refueling at Necker Island, French Frigate Shoals, and Lisianski Island.
11 of the 12 PT boats of MTBRon 1 made it to Midway ("PT-23" had broken a crankshaft en route and was forced to return to Pearl Harbor).
"PT-20" along with "PT-21", "PT-22", "PT-24", "PT-25", "PT-26", "PT-27", "PT-28", "PT-42" were assigned to Midway Island while "PT-29" and "PT-30" were assigned to nearby Kure Atoll (55 miles west).
During the Battle of Midway, they were tasked with providing anti-aircraft support ("PT-21" and "PT-22" were credited with downing a Mitsubishi A6M "Zero" fighter), patrolling the perimeter of the island, and the rescuing of downed pilots.
After the battle, the squadron was sent to attack the remainder of the Japanese task force but was unable to locate the target.
On 15 July 1942, the squadron returned to Pearl Harbor and then was divided: "PT-21", "PT-23", "PT-25", and "PT-26" (along with motor torpedo boat tender "") were deployed to Palmyra Atoll; "PT-22", "PT-24", "PT-27", and "PT-28" were deployed to Adak Island in the Aleutians; while "PT-20", "PT-29", "PT-30", and "PT-42" remained at Pearl Harbor.
On 22 December 1944, PT-20 was struck from the Navy list due to obsolescence.
Her fate is unknown.
H3K9ac
H3K9ac is an epigenetic modification to the DNA packaging protein Histone H3.
It is a mark that indicates the acetylation at the 9th lysine residue of the histone H3 protein.
The H3K9 histone has two jobs.
Genes get turned on if this mark is acetylated and silences them if methylated.
H3K9ac is an important acetylation and connected with active promoters.
H3K9ac and H3K14ac have been shown to be part of the active promoter state.
They are also present over bivalent promoters and active enhancers.
This is also a mark for liver cancer through a defect in the H3K9ac/H3K9me3 transition.
Proteins are typically acetylated on lysine residues and this reaction relies on acetyl-coenzyme A as the acetyl group donor.
In histone acetylation and deacetylation, histone proteins are acetylated and deacetylated on lysine residues in the N-terminal tail as part of gene regulation.
Typically, these reactions are catalyzed by enzymes with "histone acetyltransferase" (HAT) or "histone deacetylase" (HDAC) activity, although HATs and HDACs can modify the acetylation status of non-histone proteins as well.
The regulation of transcription factors, effector proteins, molecular chaperones, and cytoskeletal proteins by acetylation and deacetylation is a significant post-translational regulatory mechanism These regulatory mechanisms are analogous to phosphorylation and dephosphorylation by the action of kinases and phosphatases.
Not only can the acetylation state of a protein modify its activity but there has been recent suggestion that this post-translational modification may also crosstalk with phosphorylation, methylation, ubiquitination, sumoylation, and others for dynamic control of cellular signaling.
In the field of epigenetics, histone acetylation (and deacetylation) have been shown to be important mechanisms in the regulation of gene transcription.
Histones, however, are not the only proteins regulated by posttranslational acetylation.
H3K9ac indicates acetylation of lysine 9 on histone H3 protein subunit:
The genomic DNA of eukaryotic cells is wrapped around special protein molecules known as histones.
The complexes formed by the looping of the DNA are known as chromatin.
The basic structural unit of chromatin is the nucleosome: this consists of the core octamer of histones (H2A, H2B, H3 and H4) as well as a linker histone and about 180 base pairs of DNA.
These core histones are rich in lysine and arginine residues.
The carboxyl (C) terminal end of these histones contribute to histone-histone interactions, as well as histone-DNA interactions.
The amino (N) terminal charged tails are the site of the post-translational modifications, such as the one seen in H3K36me3.
The post-translational modification of histone tails by either histone modifying complexes or chromatin remodelling complexes are interpreted by the cell and lead to complex, combinatorial transcriptional output.
It is thought that a Histone code dictates the expression of genes by a complex interaction between the histones in a particular region.
The current understanding and interpretation of histones comes from two large scale projects: ENCODE and the Epigenomic roadmap.
The purpose of the epigenomic study was to investigate epigenetic changes across the entire genome.
This led to chromatin states which define genomic regions by grouping the interactions of different proteins and/or histone modifications together.
Chromatin states were investigated in Drosophila cells by looking at the binding location of proteins in the genome.
Use of ChIP-sequencing revealed regions in the genome characterised by different banding.
Different developmental stages were profiled in Drosophila as well, an emphasis was placed on histone modification relevance.
A look in to the data obtained led to the definition of chromatin states based on histone modifications.
The human genome was annotated with chromatin states.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
This independence from the DNA sequence enforces the epigenetic nature of histone modifications.
Chromatin states are also useful in identifying regulatory elements that have no defined sequence, such as enhancers.
This additional level of annotation allows for a deeper understanding of cell specific gene regulation.
H3K9ac and H3K14ac have been shown to be part of the active promoter state.
They are also present over bivalent promoters and active enhancers.
The H3K9 histone has two jobs.
Genes get turned on if this mark is acetylated and silences them if methylated.
H3K9ac is an important acetylation and connected with active promoters.
This is also a mark for liver cancer through a defect in the H3K9ac/H3K9me3 transition.
Also, lower acetylation at this mark shows a poor prognosis in oral cancer.
The histone mark acetylation can be detected in a variety of ways:
1.
Chromatin Immunoprecipitation Sequencing (ChIP-sequencing) measures the amount of DNA enrichment once bound to a targeted protein and immunoprecipitated.
It results in good optimization and is used in vivo to reveal DNA-protein binding occurring in cells.
ChIP-Seq can be used to identify and quantify various DNA fragments for different histone modifications along a genomic region.
2.
Micrococcal Nuclease sequencing (MNase-seq) is used to investigate regions that are bound by well positioned nucleosomes.
Use of the micrococcal nuclease enzyme is employed to identify nucleosome positioning.
Well positioned nucleosomes are seen to have enrichment of sequences.
3.
Assay for transposase accessible chromatin sequencing (ATAC-seq) is used to look in to regions that are nucleosome free (open chromatin).
It uses hyperactive Tn5 transposon to highlight nucleosome localisation.
Buinsky Uyezd
Buinsky Uyezd ("Буинский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Simbirsk Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the northern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Buinsk.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Buinsky Uyezd had a population of 182,056.
Of these, 44.3% spoke Chuvash, 34.6% Tatar, 17.3% Russian and 3.8% Mordvin as their native language.
Martin Mares (historian)
Martin Mares (born 30 July 1987) is a British historian and scholar with a special interest in the history of piracy.
Mares is a researcher at University College London, a member of the Royal Historical Society, and a research associate at Oxford University.
In his most important works, Mares re-examined the subject of The Golden Age of Piracy from the perspective of British colonial and imperial history, introducing a theory of <nowiki>"</nowiki>mutual contribution<nowiki>"</nowiki> between illicit realm of piracy and legal realm of imperial and colonial administration.
Mares also holds a degree in English Literature and Philosophy, exploring writers from the Victorian period through the classical philosophical concepts of Aristotle.
In 2016, Mares published a widely-popular article about , discussing the movie on the basis of Disney's use of psychological appeal on the principle of nostalgia.
Mares was born on July 30 1987 to a British father and Czech mother.
He was educated at Czech gymnasiums and boarding school in Stowe, Buckinghamshire.
He went on to study at Masaryk University, Brno, while spending the academic year 2007 in New York as an exchange student.
He completed his Master of Arts (MA) degree in 2013, while he simultaneously undertook Humanities studies at Anglo-American University, graduating in 2015.
Between 2013 and 2016, Mares had resided with his wife in New York, where he utilised this opportunity to conduct his further archival research on the history of maritime piracy in Northern America.
He then moved to England, where he undertook History & Research program at Birkbeck, University of London.
In 2016, he received Andersson Bequest Fund grant for his work on the Golden Age of Piracy.
In 2017, he was granted a membership in the Royal Historical Society.
In 2018, he joined University College London (UCL) as a doctoral researcher.
Mares' specialization is the early modern period with an expertise in the history of maritime piracy.
In 2015, Mares first introduced his theory of 'mutual contribution' in "The British Contribution to the Development of Piracy in the Golden Age of Piracy", supporting his secondary argument that the longer periodization of this era should be understood as an uninterrupted and continuous process with its points of peaks and regressions.
From the economical perspective, these ideas were later expanded by Nicolás Rodríguez Arosemena.
Later, Mares expanded some of his ideas in "The Role of Jamaica in Fostering Maritime Piracy In the Atlantic Ocean, 1655-1702," presenting pirates as an integral element of British imperial endeavour by an implementation of a complex framework of relations between influential members involved in Jamaican colonial administration and prominent individuals of pirate crews.
In 2018, Mares has published an academic article about James Hunt, one of the understudied British proponents of Victorian scientific racism, presenting Hunt as one of the most influential figures for the later development of racist beliefs.
In 2014, Mares published his work 'The Art of Creating a Free City: A Philosophical Analysis with Special Focus on Ancient Societies', making the case that modern societies, compared to ancient Greeks, are driven by the dogmatic beliefs in the economics as an ultimate governing force, which separates and fragments the civic society into entrenched groups, crippling the democracy itself.
By contrast, Mares uses the examples of Greek city states, agoras and Plato's concept of justice as fairness to propose a different model for thinking about the civic society.
In his 2016 scholarly article "Kleos, Nostos and Ponos in the Homeric Tradition", Mares defended the concept of a traditional heroism against postmodernist critiques, arguing that achieving an eternal glory (kleos) through an ordeal (ponos) with a successful homecoming (nostos) should be viewed as a clear manifestation of one's meaningful existence - imprinting of hero's legacy.
Mares illustrated this understanding by using examples of Achilles, Odysseus and Diomedes, presenting them as different avatars of such heroic qualities.
Brazilian scholar Flavia R. Monteiro later used Mares' interpretation for her work on tragic heroes in Shakespeare's plays.
Mares has also been active in a number of fields, including popular history, game journalism and pop-culture criticism.
Since the late 2000s, Mares has contributed to various historical magazines and periodicals, including Živá Historie (Living History), York Historian, HISTORY Revue, Honey History, LEVEL Magazine, ABC, Excalibur or 'Pevnost'.
In 2012, Mares had co-authored an illustrated children's book "Pirates".
Mares is an avid hobbyist painter, working with both traditional and digital mediums, depicting mostly fantasy and nautical motifs.
He has illustrated retellings of classic Czech folktales "The Old Scratch and His Gambit" (2010).
Mares also did the watercolour illustrations and pencil sketches for the 2012 Gemini edition of Ancient Greek Myths.
In December 2015, Mares was listed on the "Top 30-Handsome Academics" list, featuring international selection of scholars.
Since 2013, Mares has regularly attended the St. Luke Fundraiser for Haiti, an annual charity evening taking place in New York.
Mares is known for his support of several African wildlife protection and conservation organisations, including David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust, an orphanage for elephants based in Kenya.
Mares' frequent travels to Africa led him to join a group of academics, supporting the preservation of dying African Yaaku language.
In 2017, Mares served as an editor and consultant for the National Geographic documentary "Drain the Sunken Pirate City", focusing on the history and maritime archeology of Port Royal, Jamaica.
• "The British Contribution to the Golden Age of Piracy" (Atlantic, 2015)
• “Kleos, Nostos and Ponos in The Homeric Tradition.” The Classical Review 67.2 (2016): 64–71.
Print.
• "The Art of Creating a Free City" ( Grin Munich, 2013)
• “The Caribbean Gold Rush of the Late 1690s: Bandeirantes, Pirates and Arabian Gold.” The English Historical Review 133.564 (2018): 854–875.
Print.
• 'James Hunt on the Quest for Awakening Robert Knox’s Ideas and Reterritorialization of His Racial Theories into the Mainstream Scientific Discourse in Mid-Victorian Britain.'
(2018).
• 'Contesting the Seabed at the Florida Keys: Martín de Melgar’s Salvors and English Pirates from the Bahamas, 1678-1683.'
Pedralbes: Revista D'História Moderna 12/2016; 36(1):114-139
• 'The New Perspective on Ancient Pirates: Seafarers and Outlaws of Delos, Crete, Argos and Illyria.'
Past & Present 08/2018; 240(1).
• 'Psammeticus' Greek, Ionian and Carian Sea Rovers: Pirates Turned into Mercenaries and the Emergence of Proto-Privateering.'
Journal of Maritime Research 08/2018; 20(1).
List of European television awards
This list of European television awards is an index to articles about notable awards for contributions in various fields of television in Europe.
The list is organized by the home country of the organization that grants the awards, although they are not necessarily restricted to television in that country.
Benjamin Kofi Asamoah
Benjamin Kofi Asamoah was a Ghanaian politician in first republic.
He was the member of parliament for the Abetifi constituency from 1965 to 1966.
Prior to entering parliament he was the District Commissioner for the Kwahu district and the New Juaben District.
He also served as the Eastern Regional Secretary for the Convention People's Party.
Asamoah was born on 30 March 1917 at Abetifi, a town in the Eastern Region.
He had his education at the Juaso Government Middle Senior School.
Asamoah begun his career as a Winch driver from 1935 to 1940.
He joined the police force in 1941 and worked as a police constable from 1941 to 1946.
In 1948 he became the first chairman of the Kwahu District branch of the United Gold Coast Convention but joined the Convention People's Party in 1950.
On 1 July 1959 he was appointed District Commissioner for the Kwahu District and on 1 December 1960 he was transferred to Koforidua as the District Commissioner for the New Juaben District.
In 1965 he was appointed Member of parliament for the Abetifi constituency.
He served in this capacity until February 1966 when the Nkrumah government was overthrown.
His hobbies included farming and hunting.
Robert Hilton (15th century MP)
Sir Robert Hilton (died c.1431), of Swine and Winestead in Holderness, Yorkshire, was an English Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire in March 1416 and for Yorkshire 1419, 1425, 1426 and 1427.
Luis Campos (football manager)
Luís Filipe Hipólito Reis Pedrosa Campos (born 6 September 1964) is a Portuguese former manager, and current director of football for Lille OSC.
Campos began coaching in the lower leagues of Portugal at the age of 27 with Leiria, and managed several amateur teams and eventually professional teams in the Portuguese Primeira Liga.
As manager of Gil Vicente, Campos ended José Mourinho's 27-game unbeaten streak with FC Porto.
In 2012, Campos became a scout and tactical analyst for Real Madrid C.F.
under Mourinho.
Campos made his name as sporting director at AS Monaco FC from 2013 to 2016.
He oversaw the transfers of Radamel Falcao, João Moutinho, James Rodríguez, Fabinho, Anthony Martial, Ricardo Carvalho, Dimitar Berbatov, Bernardo Silva, Tiémoué Bakayoko, Geoffrey Kondogbia, and Thomas Lemar amongst others.
He became the sporting director of Lille OSC in 2017.
Jean Vaquette
Jean Vaquette was a French weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
H3K36ac
H3K36ac is an epigenetic modification to the DNA packaging protein Histone H3.
It is a mark that indicates the acetylation at the 36th lysine residue of the histone H3 protein.
H3K36ac has not been widely studied but it is very widely conserved across mammals and yeast and marks genes.
Specifically, it marks promoters of RNA polymerase II-transcribed genes which is opposite of H3K36me3.
Proteins are typically acetylated on lysine residues and this reaction relies on acetyl-coenzyme A as the acetyl group donor.
In histone acetylation and deacetylation, histone proteins are acetylated and deacetylated on lysine residues in the N-terminal tail as part of gene regulation.
Typically, these reactions are catalyzed by enzymes with "histone acetyltransferase" (HAT) or "histone deacetylase" (HDAC) activity, although HATs and HDACs can modify the acetylation status of non-histone proteins as well.
The regulation of transcription factors, effector proteins, molecular chaperones, and cytoskeletal proteins by acetylation and deacetylation is a significant post-translational regulatory mechanism These regulatory mechanisms are analogous to phosphorylation and dephosphorylation by the action of kinases and phosphatases.
Not only can the acetylation state of a protein modify its activity but there has been recent suggestion that this post-translational modification may also crosstalk with phosphorylation, methylation, ubiquitination, sumoylation, and others for dynamic control of cellular signaling.
In the field of epigenetics, histone acetylation (and deacetylation) have been shown to be important mechanisms in the regulation of gene transcription.
Histones, however, are not the only proteins regulated by posttranslational acetylation.
H3K36ac indicates acetylation of lysine 36th histone H3 protein subunit:
The genomic DNA of eukaryotic cells is wrapped around special protein molecules known as histones.
The complexes formed by the looping of the DNA are known as chromatin.
The basic structural unit of chromatin is the nucleosome: this consists of the core octamer of histones (H2A, H2B, H3 and H4) as well as a linker histone and about 180 base pairs of DNA.
These core histones are rich in lysine and arginine residues.
The carboxyl (C) terminal end of these histones contribute to histone-histone interactions, as well as histone-DNA interactions.
The amino (N) terminal charged tails are the site of the post-translational modifications, such as the one seen in H3K36me3.
The post-translational modification of histone tails by either histone modifying complexes or chromatin remodelling complexes are interpreted by the cell and lead to complex, combinatorial transcriptional output.
It is thought that a Histone code dictates the expression of genes by a complex interaction between the histones in a particular region.
The current understanding and interpretation of histones comes from two large scale projects: ENCODE and the Epigenomic roadmap.
The purpose of the epigenomic study was to investigate epigenetic changes across the entire genome.
This led to chromatin states which define genomic regions by grouping the interactions of different proteins and/or histone modifications together.
Chromatin states were investigated in Drosophila cells by looking at the binding location of proteins in the genome.
Use of ChIP-sequencing revealed regions in the genome characterised by different banding.
Different developmental stages were profiled in Drosophila as well, an emphasis was placed on histone modification relevance.
A look in to the data obtained led to the definition of chromatin states based on histone modifications.
The human genome was annotated with chromatin states.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
This independence from the DNA sequence enforces the epigenetic nature of histone modifications.
Chromatin states are also useful in identifying regulatory elements that have no defined sequence, such as enhancers.
This additional level of annotation allows for a deeper understanding of cell specific gene regulation.
H3K36ac has not been widely studied but it is very widely conserved across mammals and yeast and marks genes.
Specifically, it marks promoters of RNA polymerase II-transcribed genes which is opposite of H3K36me3.
The histone mark acetylation can be detected in a variety of ways:
1.
Chromatin Immunoprecipitation Sequencing (ChIP-sequencing) measures the amount of DNA enrichment once bound to a targeted protein and immunoprecipitated.
It results in good optimization and is used in vivo to reveal DNA-protein binding occurring in cells.
ChIP-Seq can be used to identify and quantify various DNA fragments for different histone modifications along a genomic region.
2.
Micrococcal Nuclease sequencing (MNase-seq) is used to investigate regions that are bound by well positioned nucleosomes.
Use of the micrococcal nuclease enzyme is employed to identify nucleosome positioning.
Well positioned nucleosomes are seen to have enrichment of sequences.
3.
Assay for transposase accessible chromatin sequencing (ATAC-seq) is used to look in to regions that are nucleosome free (open chromatin).
It uses hyperactive Tn5 transposon to highlight nucleosome localisation.
Lisette Teunissen
Lisette Teunissen (born 18 February 1986) is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer.
She represented the Netherlands at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, 2012 Summer Paralympics and 2016 Summer Paralympics.
She won the gold medal in the women's 50 metre backstroke S4 event at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and the bronze medal in the women's 50 metre backstroke S3 at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
At the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships she won the gold medal in the women's 50 metre backstroke S4 event.
She also won the gold medal in the women's 100 metre freestyle S3 event.
She set new world records in both events.
Real Like You
Real Like You are an English–Irish girl group composed of Luena Martínez, Halle Williams, Seorsia Jack, Virginia Hampson, Kellimarie Willis and Jess Folley.
In 2019, they won "", and were subsequently signed to Syco Music.
In November 2019, each member of Real Like You auditioned for the ITV talent competition series "".
Each member progressed to the bootcamp stage, where Jess Folley (who in 2017 had won "The Voice Kids"), Luena Martínez (who appeared in series 13), Seorsia Jack, Halle Williams and Kellimarie Willis (who in 2017 appeared on "Got What It Takes?")
were selected to be in the group.
However, judge Nicole Scherzinger later called Virginia Hampson back, giving her a place in the group.
On 15 December 2019, Real Like You were announced as the winners.
Luena Martínez (born 28 February 1999) was born in East Finchley.
In 2016, Martínez auditioned for the thirteenth series of "The X Factor", where she made it to the six chair challenge, but failed to proceed further.
She attended SoundSkool in Enfield.
Halle Williams (born 12 January 2000) was born in Cambridge.
Williams is a trained dancer, having studied dance and musical theatre at Urdang Academy.
Seorsia Leagh Jack (born 20 July 2001) was born in Dublin, Ireland.
Seorsia attended Scoil Chrióst Ri and Maryborough NS.
Virginia Hampson (born 14 November 2002) was born in Chelmsford.
Hampson has no formal vocal training.
Upon her initial audition for "The X Factor: The Band", she was told to audition again, at a later point in the day.
Kellimarie Willis (born 5 May 2002) was born in Coventry.
In 2016, Willis competed in the second series of "Got What It Takes?
", at the age of 13.
Willis is studying songwriting in Birmingham.
Jess Folley (born 19 February 2003) was born in Essex.
In 2017, Folley won the first series of "The Voice Kids".
Percival Mills
Percival Mills (born 17 January 1896, date of death unknown) was a British weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Judith Anne Smith
Judith Anne Smith is a former Magistrate Judge and current Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
Smith earned her Bachelor of Arts from The Pennsylvania State University in 1985, and her J.D.
from Georgetown University Law Center in 1992.
While attending law school, she interned at the Legal Aid Society of the District of Columbia, National Criminal Justice Association and at the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia.
After graduating, she clerked for D.C. Superior Court judge A. Franklin Burgess.
In 1993, Smith opened a law practice.
From 1994 to 2001 she returned to the Public Defender Service as a staff attorney and later as a special education attorney.
In 2001, she went to work in the Office of Special Education of the District of Columbia Public Schools as an executive director.
On September 15, 2008, Superior Court of the District of Columbia chief judge Rufus G. King III appointed Smith as a magistrate judge on the court.
President Barack Obama nominated Smith on March 25, 2010, to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia to the seat vacated by Geoffrey M. Alprin.
On April 20, 2010, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on her nomination.
On April 28, 2010, the Committee reported her nomination favorably to the senate floor.
On June 22, 2010, the full Senate confirmed her nomination by voice vote.
Uri Levin
Uri Levin (; born 1972), is the CEO of Discount Bank, one of Israel's leading banks.
Levin is a trained pilot who served in the Israeli Air Force before building his career as a business executive.
Levin attended the Israeli Air Force Flight Academy, where he studied aviation and trained to be a pilot.
Upon graduation, he served as a cargo pilot in the Israeli Air Force.
After serving in the Israel Defense Forces, Levin pursued higher education.
He received a Bachelor of Science from Tel Aviv University and a Master of Business Administration from the London Business School.
Upon completion of his studies, Levin began his executive career as a business consultant in the London offices of McKinsey & Company, the global management consulting firm.
In 2007, Levin was recruited by Bank Hapoalim CEO Zvi Ziv to serve as his chief of staff.
It was at Bank Hapoalim where Levin would meet businesswoman Lilach Asher-Topilsky.
After a few years at Bank Hapoalim, Levin became the CEO of ISP Group, a Zurich, Switzerland-based financial services firm.
In 2014, Asher-Topilsky was now CEO of Tel Aviv-based Discount Bank and offered Levin a senior position in strategic planning.
In May 2017, Levin was named president and CEO of IDB Bank, a New York-based private and commercial bank and a wholly owned subsidiary of Discount Bank.
In June 2019, Asher-Topilsky made a surprise announcement that she would step down from her role as Discount Bank CEO by year-end to join a private equity firm.
Earlier in 2019, Bank Hapoalim CEO Erik Pinto had announced he would retire at the end of the year.
In summer 2019, Levin was invited to interview for CEO positions at both Discount Bank and Bank Hapoalim.
Levin underwent a full day of interviews at Bank Hapoalim, only to withdraw his candidacy shortly thereafter and accept the CEO position at Discount Bank instead.
He was officially named CEO of Discount Bank in July 2019.
He formally exited IDB Bank upon the arrival of his successor, businessman Ziv Biron in December 2019, only to immediately begin duties as CEO of Discount Bank.
Children's programming on Telemundo
Children's programming has played a part in Telemundo's programming since its initial roots in television.
This article outlines the history of children's television programming on NBC including the various blocks and notable programs that have aired throughout the television network's history.
On November 9, 1998, Telemundo debuted a daily block of Spanish dubs of Nickelodeon's series (such as "Rugrats", "Aaahh!!!
Real Monsters", "Hey Arnold!
", "Rocko's Modern Life", "KaBlam!"
and "Blue's Clues"); the weekday edition of the block ran until September 5, 2000, when it was relegated to weekends in order to make room for the morning news program "Hoy En El Mundo"; Nickelodeon's contract with Telemundo ended in November 2001, after the network was acquired by NBC.
In May 2006, NBC Universal and Ion Media Networks announced plans to form Qubo, a joint venture in conjunction with Scholastic Corporation, Classic Media and Corus Entertainment subsidiary Nelvana.
The multi-platform programming endeavor, aimed at children between 4 and 8 years of age, would comprise children's program blocks airing on NBC, Spanish-language sister network Telemundo and Ion Media's i: Independent Television (now Ion Television), as well as a 24-hour digital multicast channel on i's owned-and-operated stations, video on demand services and a branded website.
The reasoning why the name "qubo" was chosen for the endeavor, or why its logo is a cube, has never been publicly explained by any of the partners, although general manager Rick Rodriguez stated in an interview with "Multichannel News" that the name was intended to be something that sounded fun, and be a brand that could easily be uniformally used in English and Spanish.
On March 28, 2012, NBC announced that the three-hour children's programming time period allocated by the network on Saturday mornings would be taken over by Sprout (which had become a sister television property to NBC following parent company NBC Universal's 2010 majority purchase by Comcast; NBC later took full ownership of the network, whose owners previously included Sesame Workshop and HIT Entertainment) and launch a new Saturday morning block called NBC Kids, which is aimed at preschoolers and grade school-aged children ages 2 to 9.
Sprout also produced a Spanish-language sister block for Telemundo known as MiTelemundo.
NBC Kids debuted on July 7, 2012, one week after the Qubo block ended its run on both NBC and Telemundo on June 30 (leaving Ion Television as the only network to retain a Qubo-branded children's block, as Ion Media Networks is now sole owner of the Qubo properties including the flagship Qubo Channel television service).
On February 24, 2016 and March 1, 2016, NBC and Telemundo announced that it would lease its Saturday morning lineup to Litton Entertainment, The More You Know beginning October 2016 on NBC and January 2018 on Telemundo.
Named after NBC's series of public service campaigns, the three-hour Saturday morning block is programmed by Litton Entertainment, and features live-action programming aimed at teens.
Thorvald Hansen (weightlifter)
Thorvald Hansen (16 October 1891 – 13 February 1961) was a Danish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Thorvald Hansen
Thorvald Hansen can refer to:
2020 Venezuelan Primera División season
The 2020 Primera División season, officially Liga de Fútbol Profesional Venezolano or Liga FUTVE, is the 39th professional season of Venezuela's top-flight football league.
Caracas are the defending champions.
The league format changed for the 2020 season.
No Apertura and Clausura tournaments will be held and the 20 teams will face each other in a home-and-away round-robin tournament, for a total of 38 matches per team.
The top eight teams of the first stage will advance to the semi-final stage, depending on the eligibility requirements for CONMEBOL tournaments.
The bottom two teams will be relegated.
In the semi-final stage, the eight teams will be divided in two groups of four teams each, facing the other teams in their group twice.
The two group winners will advance to the Serie Final to decide the league champions.
On 24 January, Llaneros was administratively relegated to the Segunda División by FVF as ordered by FIFA due to a lawsuit by former player Leonardo Ossa, whom the club failed to pay an outstanding debt.
Llaneros will play in the second tier during the 2020 season, therefore the league will be contested by 19 teams.
The first stage began on 30 January.
Each team will play each other twice for 36 matchdays.
It will end on 25 October with the top eight teams advancing to the semi-finals and the bottom two teams being relegated.
Luis Campos
Luis Campos may refer to:
See also:
2020 Copa Libertadores group stage
The 2020 Copa Libertadores group stage will be played from 3 March to 7 May 2020.
A total of 32 teams compete in the group stage to decide the 16 places in the final stages of the 2020 Copa Libertadores.
<section begin=Draw />
For the group stage, the 32 teams were drawn into eight groups (Groups A–H) of four containing a team from each of the four pots.
Teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same group, excluding the four winners of the third stage, which were allocated to Pot 4 and whose identity was not known at the time of the draw, and could be drawn into the same group with another team from the same association.
<section end=Draw />
The following are the four winners of the third stage of qualifying which join the 28 direct entrants in the group stage.
<section begin=Format />
In the group stage, each group is played on a home-and-away round-robin basis.
The teams are ranked according to the following criteria: 1.
Points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for a loss); 2.
Goal difference; 3.
Goals scored; 4.
Away goals scored; 5.
CONMEBOL ranking (Regulations Article 2.4.2).
The winners and runners-up of each group advance to the round of 16 of the final stages.
The third-placed teams of each group enter the Copa Sudamericana second stage.<section end=Format />
The schedule of each matchday is as follows (Regulations Article 2.2.2).
Léo Chuard
Léo Chuard is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with Genève-Servette HC of the National League (NL).
Chuard made his National League (NL) debut with Genève-Servette HC during the 2015-16 season, playing only 4 minutes in a single game.
He never played for the team again before being loaned to HC La Chaux-de-Fonds of the Swiss League (SL) during the 2017-18 season.
Chuard moved overseas to play the 2018/19 season with the Shreveport Mudbugs of the North American Hockey League (NAHL).
He posted a .930 SVS% with a 2.38 GAA through 37 regular season games and a .936 SVS% in 10 playoffs games.
Chuard started the 2019-20 season as a free agent before returning to Genève-Servette HC on December 16, 2019, agreeing to a one-year deal.
Chuard was born and raised in Geneva, Switzerland and played all of his junior hockey with Genève-Servette HC's various junior teams.
Ziv Biron
Ziv Biron is a businessman and the president and CEO of IDB Bank, a New York-based private and commercial bank with locations in the United States, Latin America and Israel.
Biron excelled in higher education and obtained three academic degrees with honors.
He received a BA and LLB from Tel Aviv University, as well as a MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Before promoted to President and CEO of IDB Bank in October 2019, Biron had served as chief financial officer and head of planning strategy at Discount Bank, IDB's Tel Aviv-based parent company.
At Discount Bank, Biron received media attention for his work in digital transformation and digital banking.
Of note, Biron oversaw the creation of an artificial intelligence-driven digital assistant through a partnership with fintech Personetics Technologies.
The AI, called Didi, was the first of its kind for Israel's banking industry.
Earlier in his career, Biron held executive roles at Bank Hapoalim Israel, HSBC Bank USA and HSBC Global.
Nanette Guilford
Nanette Guilford (17 August 1903, New York – 17 March 1990, New York), born Nanette Gutman, was an American opera singer (soprano), voice teacher and recording entrepreneur.
She is best known for singing at the Metropolitan Opera House from 1923 to 1932 and as one of the first American singers to establish operatic career without studying in Europe.
She produced music for the Girls Scouts of America.
Nanette Guilford, named at birth Nanette Gutman, was born in Harlem, New York on 17 August 1903.
She was singing musical comedies at the age of 13 and at 18.
She studied privately with Albert Jeannote and in 1921 started her musical theater career in a musical "The Midnignt Rounders of 1921" at the Century Promenade theater.
In 1928 Guilford married Max Rosen, who was a recognized concert violinist of the first rank.
The couple knew each other for three years before marriage and were engaged for six months keeping secret the news of the engagement to escape publicity.
Guilford and Rosen made recordings together.
The marriage was over after fifteen months, in 1930 when Guilford filled the suit for divorce on the grounds of incompatibility of temperament.
Nanette Guilford died of an intestinal infection on 17 March 1990 at St. Vincent Hospital in New York City.
She was 86 years old.
In May 1923 Guilford signed her first contract with the Metropolitan Opera.
Her debut was in a minor role in "Rigoletto."
She sang small roles until March 1926, when she appeared as Ginerva in "La Cena Delle Beffe" by Umberto Giordano.
Other sources claim that her first prima donna role was in Giordano’s "The Jest," after which she was known as the “baby star” of the Met.
Guilford was called “the baby star” because when signing her first contract with the Metropolitan Opera, she wrote that she was 18 years old.
Among her other roles at the Met are Aida, Liu in "Turandot" and Musetta in "La Boheme."
The audience greeted cordially her scenes with Gigli, Tibbett, Miss Dalossy and the others heard previously.
Guilford left the Met in 1932 and after that sang at Cosmopolitan Opera House.
Caviar (1934)
In May 1934 Guilford was rehearsing a musical show called "Caviar."
A musical romance "Caviar" opened on 7 June 1934 and was on at Forest Theatre till 23 June.
Guilford sang in "Caviar" the principal role of Elena, who wanted to marry a Russian prince solely because of his title, but finally felt in love with him.
"Caviar," that managed less than three weeks in Broadway, despite of strong voice of Metropolitan soprano Nanette Guilford was received by critics as a quick failure.
In 1960s Nanette Guilford produced music under the label “Nanette Guiford Corporation”.
Among others she produced music for Girls Scouts of America.
Evangelos Menexis
Evangelos Menexis was a Greek weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Seo Jin-su
Seo Jin-su (; born 18 October 2000) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a forward for Jeju United.
Prizzi's Family
Prizzi's Family is a satirical, semi-humorous crime novel by Richard Condon published in 1986.
It is the second of four novels featuring the Prizzis, a powerful family of Mafiosi in New York City.
In all four novels the main protagonist is a top member of the family named Charlie Partanna.
It is a prequel to the very successful Prizzi's Honor of 1982, which was also adapted into an award-winning film.
The time is 1969, about ten years before the events of Prizzi's Honor.
Charley Panaretta, the top hitman for Don Carraro's family, meets an enormous, but very beautiful blonde dancer in one of the Family's nightclubs.
She calls herself Mardell La Tour and says that she is English and is partially guided through life by radio waves emanating from Buckingham Palace.
The tough but gullible Charley is ignorant enough to believe her.
Actually she Grace Willand Crowell, daughter of an immensely wealthy Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs whose family lives in Georgetown.
To help a friend of hers who is striving for a master's degree in sociology, Mardell, an aspiring actress, has assumed a number of off-beat real-life identities in the last year in order to provide insights about different levels of society for her friend.
Her latest role is that of a naive showgirl trying to get established in nightclubs.
At the same time that Charley begins a highly emotional but also sexual affair with Mardell, Maerose Prizzi, a granddaughter of the powerful Don, has been mapping out her future career in which she aims to become the first female Don of a family.
A key element in her plans, for both tactical and strategic reasons, is marriage to Charley.
She soon begins a sexual affair with the hapless Charley, who is now buffeted between the increasingly strident emotional demands of the two women—as well as carrying out his primary duties, that of eliminating various people across the United States seen as threats to various high-ranking members of the Prizzi family.
Events come to a surreal semi-climax at an enormous engagement party that Don Carraro has organized for Maerose and Charley—to the stupefaction of her family, Maerose becomes embarrassingly drunk and runs off to Mexico City with one of the male guests.
After that, it only remains for Charley to carry out another multiple homicide for the family, to bring back four thumbs to the Don, and to allow Mardell to withdraw herself from his life.
Condon attacked his targets, usually gangsters, financiers, and politicians, wholeheartedly but with a uniquely original style and wit that made almost any paragraph from one of his books instantly recognizable.
Reviewing one of his works in the "International Herald Tribune", the well-known playwright George Axelrod ("The Seven-Year Itch", "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter"), who had collaborated with Condon on the screenplay for the film adaptation of "The Manchurian Candidate", wrote:
"The arrival of a new novel by Richard Condon is like an invitation to a party... the sheer gusto of the prose, the madness of his similies, the lunacy of his metaphors, his infectious, almost child-like joy in composing complex sentences that go bang at the end in the manner of exploding cigars is both exhilarating and as exhausting as any good party ought to be."
In Prizzi's Honor, Condon's normal exuberance was somewhat curbed by choosing to narrate the events through the viewpoints of its various semi-literate gangsters, which limited the scope of his imagery.
In Family, however, he returns to being his usual omniscient narrator and we have:
A description of Maerose's father, Vincent Prizzi, son of the Don, and Boss of the family: "Vincent conspired with his own ignorance.
He was a perpetually baffled man who chewed on pieces of himself and then spat them out at the world."
The Don makes a speech to an enormous family gathering: "The way he did this was whisper into Vincent's ear in Sicilian, then Vincent spoke it into the microphone in Brooklynese, dumping the words out of the depths of his stomach the way a piled wheelbarrow is emptied by upending it."
Charley makes love for the first time with Maerose: "It was like being locked in a mailbag with eleven boa constrictors."
All of Condon's books have, to an unknown degree, the names of real people in them as characters, generally very minor or peripheral.
The most common, which appears in most of his books, is some variation of Franklin M. Heller.
The real-life Heller was a television director in New York City in the 1950s, '60s, and 70s, who initially lived on Long Island and then moved to a house on Rockrimmon Road in Stamford, Connecticut.
In this book Franklin Heller is the mayor of New York.
A.H. Weiler, a film critic for "The New York Times", was another friend of Condon's who in this book is Dr. Abraham Weiler, the best orthopedic surgeon in the Northwest.
Publisher's Weekly liked it:
Obsessed with Mardell yet pulled by loyalty and lust to Maerose, Charley is trapped between them, all the while carrying out his regular duties as the Prizzi enforcer.
Condon serves up this zesty mix with good humor, broadside slams at politicians and evangelism, and generous helpings of Sicilian food.
Kirkus Reviews had mixed feelings about it:
...the sketches of Mafia viciousness and hypocrisy are often deliciously mordant; and, with those movie characterizations to bolster Charley and Maerose in the reader's mind, there's enough dark whimsy and oafish pathos here to provide earthy, quirky, fast-moving entertainment.
Jimmie Breslin, however, in The New York Times, definitely did not like it:
At first the "prequel" seemed to be satire and then appeared to be heading toward spoof.
Complainant waited to laugh and was surprised and disappointed when he did not.
Complainant Breslin states that he is certain he heard Defendant Condon laugh.
Defendant then delivered a felonious assault, using characters with no sense of reality to them who were involved in story lines that have more holes than a shooting victim.
Defendant Condon probably will earn handsome pay and honors when they turn "Prizzi's Family" into a movie.
But Defendant Condon did enter bookstores in disdain of criminal code 155.40 (grand larceny, first degree) in that he enticed people who trust his name and loved his past successes and that in doing so, he committed the crime of grand larceny, first degree.
2020 Malmö FF season
The 2020 season will be Malmö FF's 109th in existence, their 85th season in Allsvenskan and their 20th consecutive season in the league.
Kickoff times are in unless stated otherwise.
Kickoff times are in unless stated otherwise.
Kickoff times are in unless stated otherwise.
2001 Zamboanga Sibugay creation plebiscite
The Zamboanga Sibugay creation plebiscite was a plebiscite on the creation of the Province of Zamboanga Sibugay from Zamboanga del Sur province in the Philippines.
The plebiscite was held on February 22, 2001, and the results were announced on February 26, 2001.
The plebiscite was supervised and officiated by the COMELEC pursuant to Resolution No.
3577.
Pursuant to Republic Act No.
8973, Ipil was designated as the capital of the new province.
Ralph Trenewith (died 1393)
Ralph Trenewith (died 1393), of Trenowth in St. Probus, Cornwall, was an English Member of Parliament for Truro 1377 and 1393.
Johny Grün
Johny Grün (19 June 1897 – 1940) was a Luxembourgian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Wilhelmus van Nimwegen
Wilhelmus van Nimwegen (27 June 1890 – 31 October 1958) was a Dutch weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Lee Seung-yeop (footballer)
Lee Seung-yeop (; born 20 July 2000) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a forward for Gyeongnam.
Ralph Trenewith (died 1427)
Ralph Trenewith (died 1427), of Fentongollan in St Michael Penkivel and Trenowth in St. Probus, Cornwall, was an English Member of Parliament in 1395 for Liskeard.
H3K56ac
H3K56ac is an epigenetic modification to the DNA packaging protein Histone H3.
It is a mark that indicates the acetylation at the 56th lysine residue of the histone H3 protein.
It is a covalent modification known as a mark of newly replicated chromatin as well as replication-independent histone replacement.
H3K56ac is important for chromatin remodeling and serves as a marker of new nucleosomes during DNA replication but its role in the cell cycle is debated.
Lysine 56 is located at the amino-terminal αN-helix and close to the site where the DNA enters and exits the nucleosome.
The studies on yeast might not apply apply to the mammals.
Mammalian cells do not express HATs with high specificity to [K56]].
Sirtuins can catalyze the removal of the acetyl group from K56 H3K56ac levels are elevated in cancer and pluripotent cells.TRIM66 reads unmodified H3R2K4 and H3K56ac to respond to DNA damage.
Proteins are typically acetylated on lysine residues and this reaction relies on acetyl-coenzyme A as the acetyl group donor.
In histone acetylation and deacetylation, histone proteins are acetylated and deacetylated on lysine residues in the N-terminal tail as part of gene regulation.
Typically, these reactions are catalyzed by enzymes with "histone acetyltransferase" (HAT) or "histone deacetylase" (HDAC) activity, although HATs and HDACs can modify the acetylation status of non-histone proteins as well.
The regulation of transcription factors, effector proteins, molecular chaperones, and cytoskeletal proteins by acetylation and deacetylation is a significant post-translational regulatory mechanism These regulatory mechanisms are analogous to phosphorylation and dephosphorylation by the action of kinases and phosphatases.
Not only can the acetylation state of a protein modify its activity but there has been recent suggestion that this post-translational modification may also crosstalk with phosphorylation, methylation, ubiquitination, sumoylation, and others for dynamic control of cellular signaling.
In the field of epigenetics, histone acetylation (and deacetylation) have been shown to be important mechanisms in the regulation of gene transcription.
Histones, however, are not the only proteins regulated by posttranslational acetylation.
H3K56ac indicates acetylation of lysine 56th histone H3 protein subunit:
The genomic DNA of eukaryotic cells is wrapped around special protein molecules known as histones.
The complexes formed by the looping of the DNA are known as chromatin.
The basic structural unit of chromatin is the nucleosome: this consists of the core octamer of histones (H2A, H2B, H3 and H4) as well as a linker histone and about 180 base pairs of DNA.
These core histones are rich in lysine and arginine residues.
The carboxyl (C) terminal end of these histones contribute to histone-histone interactions, as well as histone-DNA interactions.
The amino (N) terminal charged tails are the site of the post-translational modifications, such as the one seen in H3K36me3.
The post-translational modification of histone tails by either histone modifying complexes or chromatin remodelling complexes are interpreted by the cell and lead to complex, combinatorial transcriptional output.
It is thought that a Histone code dictates the expression of genes by a complex interaction between the histones in a particular region.
The current understanding and interpretation of histones comes from two large scale projects: ENCODE and the Epigenomic roadmap.
The purpose of the epigenomic study was to investigate epigenetic changes across the entire genome.
This led to chromatin states which define genomic regions by grouping the interactions of different proteins and/or histone modifications together.
Chromatin states were investigated in Drosophila cells by looking at the binding location of proteins in the genome.
Use of ChIP-sequencing revealed regions in the genome characterised by different banding.
Different developmental stages were profiled in Drosophila as well, an emphasis was placed on histone modification relevance.
A look in to the data obtained led to the definition of chromatin states based on histone modifications.
The human genome was annotated with chromatin states.
These annotated states can be used as new ways to annotate a genome independently of the underlying genome sequence.
This independence from the DNA sequence enforces the epigenetic nature of histone modifications.
Chromatin states are also useful in identifying regulatory elements that have no defined sequence, such as enhancers.
This additional level of annotation allows for a deeper understanding of cell specific gene regulation.
H3K56ac is a covalent modification known as a mark of newly replicated chromatin as well as replication-independent histone replacement.
H3K56ac is important for chromatin remodeling and serves as a marker of new nucleosomes during DNA replication but its role in the cell cycle is debated.
Lysine 56 is located at the amino-terminal αN-helix and close to the site where the DNA enters and exits the nucleosome.
due to its location on the lateral surface of the nucleosome, which is close to the DNA entry/exit site and interacts with DNA29.
The studies on yeast might not apply apply to the mammals.
Mammalian cells do not express HATs with high specificity to K56.
Sirtuins can catalyze the removal of the acetyl group from K56 H3K56ac levels are elevated in cancer and pluripotent cells TRIM66 reads unmodified H3R2K4 and H3K56ac to respond to DNA damage.
The histone mark acetylation can be detected in a variety of ways:
1.
Chromatin Immunoprecipitation Sequencing (ChIP-sequencing) measures the amount of DNA enrichment once bound to a targeted protein and immunoprecipitated.
It results in good optimization and is used in vivo to reveal DNA-protein binding occurring in cells.
ChIP-Seq can be used to identify and quantify various DNA fragments for different histone modifications along a genomic region.
2.
Micrococcal Nuclease sequencing (MNase-seq) is used to investigate regions that are bound by well positioned nucleosomes.
Use of the micrococcal nuclease enzyme is employed to identify nucleosome positioning.
Well positioned nucleosomes are seen to have enrichment of sequences.
3.
Assay for transposase accessible chromatin sequencing (ATAC-seq) is used to look in to regions that are nucleosome free (open chromatin).
It uses hyperactive Tn5 transposon to highlight nucleosome localisation.
Renuka Gurung
Renuka Gurung () is a Nepali politician and a member of the House of Representatives of the federal parliament of Nepal.
She was elected under the proportional representation system from Federal Socialist Forum, Nepal.
She is also a member of the parliamentary International Relations Committee.
Martin Olofsson
Martin Olofsson (10 November 1891 – 11 October 1991) was a Swedish weightlifter.
He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Anderson Oliveira
Anderson Oliveira may refer to:
See also:
Giulio Monti
Giulio Monti (1890 – 13 January 1960) was an Italian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Lee Dong-ryul
Lee Dong-ryul (; born 9 June 2000) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a forward for Jeju United.
2019–20 Pyramids FC season
The 2019–20 Pyramids season is the 11th season in the football club's history and 3rd consecutive and 4th overall season in the top flight of Egyptian football, the Egyptian Premier League, having been promoted from the Egyptian Second Division in 2017.
In addition to the domestic league, Pyramids are also participating in this season's editions of the domestic cup, the Egypt Cup and the second-tier African cup, the CAF Confederation Cup.
The season covers a period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Supplier: Adidas
The fixtures for the 2019–20 season were announced on 12 September 2019.
Pyramids entered the competition from the round of 32 and were given a home tie against Egyptian Second Division side Nogoom.
The bracket of the tournament was also decided at the time of the round of 32 draw; meaning that the path to the final for each time was decided prior to playing any matches.
Also, all matches are played on stadiums selected by the Egyptian Football Association starting from the round of 16.
Pyramids entered the competition for the first time in their history after finishing 3rd in the previous season of the league.
Since it was the club's first appearance, Pyramids entered the competition from the preliminary round.
The draw for the preliminary round was held on 21 July 2019.
Pyramids were drawn against Étoile du Congo from Congo.
The draw for the first round was held on 21 July 2019 (after the preliminary round draw).
Pyramids were drawn against the winner of the tie involving CR Belouizdad from Algeria and AS CotonTchad from Chad, which was won by the former.
The draw for the play-off round was held on 9 October 2019.
Pyramids were drawn against Young Africans from Tanzania, who were transferred to the CAF Confederation Cup from the CAF Champions League after losing their tie in the first round.
The draw for the group stage was held on 12 November 2019.
Pyramids were drawn in Group A alongside FC Nouadhibou from Mauritania, Enugu Rangers from Nigeria and fellow Egyptian side Al Masry.
The draw for the quarter-finals will be held on 9 February 2020.
!
colspan="11" style="background:#DCDCDC; text-align:center" | Players transferred out during the season
The Kate
The Kate is an American public television music program recorded live at the Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center in Old Saybrook, Connecticut.
It is produced by Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member television station CPTV and is broadcast on PBS stations across the United States.
"The Kate" features musical performances filmed live at the 250-seat Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center.
The show features performers who perform a range of musical genres, including rock, pop, blues, jazz, and Broadway.
The show's co-creator and executive producer Jennifer Boyd looks for performers who are exploring new creative directions in their work.
For example, the first season included performances from former "Saturday Night Live" cast member Ana Gasteyer who performed a nightclub act; Ann Wilson of Heart who explored a personal project called "The Ann Wilson Thing"; actress Rita Wilson who performed songs from an upcoming album; and Jarrod Spector whose performance traced the history of the falsetto from Enrico Caruso to Freddie Mercury.
Each season consists of six one-hour episodes.
In addition to the musical performances, each episode features interviews with the performers and backstage footage.
A fifth season is in production and is scheduled to run in the spring of 2020.
Guests in the 2020 season will include Delbert McClinton and The Wood Brothers.
Karsunsky Uyezd
Karsunsky Uyezd ("Карсунский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Simbirsk Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the western part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Karsun.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Karsunsky Uyezd had a population of 217,087.
Of these, 85.3% spoke Russian, 8.3% Mordvin, 3.9% Tatar, 2.3% Chuvash, 0.1% German and 0.1% Estonian as their native language.
Christophe Pélissier
Christophe Pélissier may refer to:
Tajiya Eikura Sahay
Tajiya Eikura Sahay is a Cook Islander model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Cook Islands 2019.
She represented Cook Islands at the Miss World 2019 and was placed in top 12.
She was also crowned Miss World Oceania 2019.
Tajiya was born in Brisbane, Australia to Rodney Sahay and Ruth Scott.
She hails from Ipukarea, Avarua, Cook Islands.
She completed her Diploma in early childhood education in Brisbane.
In 2016, she relocated to Rarotonga, after spending 8 years as an early childhood educator in Brisbane.
Tajiya is a netball coach, personal trainer, group fitness instructor for children and adults and a volunteer for Red Cross Cook Islands.
She is currently studying a Diploma in nutrition, health and fitness.
On 27 October 2019, Tajiya was crowned winner of Miss Cook Islands 2019 at a ceremony held at National Auditorium, Rarotonga, Cook Islands.
On 14 December 2019, Tajiya reached the top twelve at Miss World 2019 and gained the title Miss World Oceania 2019.
Paul Ledran
Paul Ledran was a French weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Marlene van Gansewinkel
Marlene van Gansewinkel (born 11 March 1995) is a Dutch Paralympic athlete.
She represented the Netherlands at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the bronze medal in the women's long jump T44 event.
She also competed in the women's 100 metres T44 event where she finished in 7th place.
She qualified to represent the Netherlands at the 2020 Summer Paralympics after winning the silver medal in the women's 100 metres T64 event at the 2019 World Para Athletics Championships.
At the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships she won the silver medal in the women's long jump T44 event.
In 2018 she won the Dutch Paralympic Athlete of the Year award.
Ahmed Samy (weightlifter)
Ahmed Samy (born 1899, date of death unknown) was an Egyptian weightlifter.
He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Antwerp Trade Fair
The Antwerp Trade Fair is an events venue in the Belgian city of Antwerp, located in the Twaalfmaandenstraat, a side street of the Meir.
It encompasses the building of the Bourse of Antwerp, which has been described as "the mother of all stock exchanges".
From 1531 to 1661 it was the site of the world's first dedicated commodity exchange, and after extensive renovations it housed the Antwerp stock exchange from 1872 until 1997.
After the 1997 merger of the Antwerp stock exchange with the Brussels stock exchange, and the advent of online trading, the exchange building in Antwerp fell into disuse, with various proposals to redevelop the building going nowhere for fifteen years.
The investment file started moving again in October 2013, after a new partner was found: the Marriott hotel chain.
A heritage budget was also released from the Flemish government for the restoration of the Bourse.
In October 2014, it was announced that the new building application for the project was approved by the city of Antwerp.
But at the beginning of December 2014, it became known that various local residents had appealed to the permanent deputation of the province against the building permit.
In April 2015, the province confirmed the building permit on the condition of a few adjustments to meet the concerns of local residents.
The hotel is currently expected to open in spring 2020.
In February 2016, as part of excavations to convert the site into a Marriott Hotel, various archaeological finds were made.
Floor levels, walls and a fireplace/oven from the late Middle Ages were found.
Pile pits were also found under a number of walls that probably point to medieval timber construction.
Dark gray sand was also found, indicating medieval garden and / or agriculture.
The most remarkable find, however, was the discovery of some urns dating from the Iron Age.
When the excavations and archaeological investigation are completed, an underground parking garage would be built under the former Bourse.
131st Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery
131st Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment was an air defence unit of Britain's Royal Artillery formed during World War II.
It was organised as the first 'Mixed' regiment in which women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service were integrated into the unit's personnel, though it later reverted to an all-male organisation.
It defended the United Kingdom against aerial attack for two years.
By 1941, after two years of war Anti-Aircraft Command, tasked with defending the UK against air attack, was suffering a manpower shortage.
In April its commander-in-chief, Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick 'Tim' Pile, proposed to overcome this by utilising the women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS).
The ATS was by law a non-combatant service, but it was decided that Defence Regulations permitted the employment of women in anti-aircraft (AA) roles other than actually firing the guns.
They worked the radar and plotting instruments, range-finders and predictors, ran command posts and communications, and carried out many other duties.
With the increasing automation of heavy AA (HAA) guns, including gun-laying, fuze-setting and ammunition loading under remote control from the predictor, the question of who actually fired the gun became blurred as the war progressed.
The ATS rank and file, if not always their officers, took to the new role with enthusiasm and 'Mixed' batteries and regiments with the ATS supplying two-thirds of their personnel quickly proved a success.
The first of these new batteries took over an operational gun site in Richmond Park, south-west London, in August 1941, and the first full regiment of converted batteries soon followed: 131st (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, whose regimental headquarters (RHQ) formed at Bitterne, near Southampton, on 25 August.
On 4 September it was joined by three existing HAA batteries that had been converted to the Mixed organisation:
Following the departure of 251 HAA Bty, 458 HAA Bty (an unmixed unit) joined on 28 October 1941.
It served with the regiment until 2 April 1942 when it was reduced to a cadre to form the basis of a mixed battery at 205th HAA Training Rgt, Arborfield, but once it had completed conversion 458 (M) HAA Bty did not return to the regiment and instead joined a new 160th (M) HAA Rgt forming at Fort Fareham, Hampshire.
428 HAA Battery, also all-male, joined 131st (M) HAA Rgt from 54th (City of London) HAA Rgt on 29 December 1941.
131st HAA Regiment supplied a cadre to 207th HAA Training Rgt at Devizes as the basis of a new 520 (M) HAA Bty formed on 15 January 1942; this joined 152nd (M) HAA Rgt.
After formation, 131st (M) HAA Rgt was assigned to 35th Anti-Aircraft Brigade, part of 5th Anti-Aircraft Division tasked with defending Southampton and Portsmouth.
However, 310 and 368 (M) HAA Btys came under the control of 8th Anti-Aircraft Division defending the area west of Southampton.
In late 1941 and early 1942 RHQ only had 428 and 458 HAA Btys under its direct command, and lost its 'Mixed' designation.
The Blitz had ended in May 1941 and there were fewer air raids thereafter.
Even during the Baedeker Blitz of 1942, the "Luftwaffe" avoided heavily defended targets such as Portsmouth and Southampton.
Southampton was raided on 17 April and 21 June, Portsmouth on 20 August.
After 458 HAA Bty left for conversion, and 428 Bty came under the control of 72nd (Hampshire) HAA Rgt, RHQ had no batteries under its direct command until it was joined on 10 July 1942 by another all-male battery, 376 HAA Bty from 97th (London Scottish) HAA Rgt.
The regiment and its four batteries (310, 368, 376, and 428), now all-male, left for 37 AA Bde in 6th Anti-Aircraft Division in July 1942.
37 AA Brigade operated the 'Thames North' AA layout in Essex, a key part of the AA defences of London against raiders flying up the Thames Estuary; 376 HAA Bty was under the operational command of 71 AA Bde, which was newly forming in 6 AA Division.
However, this deployment did not last long, and in August 1942 the regiment moved again, to 70 AA Bde in 4th Anti-Aircraft Division in North West England, with 376 and 428 HAA Btys attached to 33 (Western) AA Bde in Liverpool, 376 later coming under 44 AA Bde at Manchester.
In October 1942, 4th AA Division had been replaced by 4 AA Group and by March 1943 the regiment had moved to 53 AA Bde within that group.
North West England was hardly threatened by the "Luftwaffe" by this stage of the war, and AA Command began redeploying its inadequate manpower to other sectors.
First 310 and then 428 HAA Btys were attached for a time to 5 AA Group in North East England and then on 3 August 1943 the regiment began to disperse.
The four batteries became independent on 6 August and RHQ completed its disbandment by 31 August.
While the male members of the regiment wore the Royal Artillery's 'gun' cap badge, the women wore the ATS cap badge, but in addition they wore the RA's 'grenade' collar badge as a special badge above the left breast pocket of the tunic.
Both sexes wore the white RA lanyard on the right shoulder.
Georges De Proft
Georges De Proft was a Belgian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
SS Henry Watterson
SS "Henry Watterson" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after Henry Watterson, an American journalist, partial term US Congressman from Kentucky, and Pulitzer Prize winner in 1918, for two editorials supporting U.S. entry into World War I.
"Henry Watterson" was laid down on 19 April 1943, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1201, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Mrs. Jack E. Schmeltzer, the widow of the former Technical Assistant to Rear Admiral Howard L. Vickery, MARCOM, she was launched on 21 July 1943.
She was allocated to American Export Lines Inc., on 18 August 1943.
On 11 May 1946, she was placed in the James River Reserve Fleet, Lee Hall, Virginia.
She was sold for commercial use, on 24 June 1947, to A/S Lundegaard and Soenner, renamed "Spurt" and flagged in Norway.
She was withdrawn from the fleet, 7 July 1947.
On 13 December 1961, while operating as "Spartan" and flagged in Lebanon, she ran aground in Pasa Buenavista, Cuba.
After being refloated, she was towed to Havana, on 29 May 1962.
She was declared a constructive total loss (CTL) and scrapped.
Pieter Belmer
Pieter Belmer (7 August 1892 – 24 November 1979) was a Dutch weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Susan Mulikita
Susan M’kandawire Mulikita is a Zambian Law practitioner and business woman.
She is known to be the first female to be appointed Chief Executive Officer of Liquid Telecom Group in Zambia.
Mulikita attended the University of Zambia, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Law degree.
She then proceeded to obtain a Master of Law in ICT from the Buckinghamshire New University in the United Kingdom.
She is a qualified practitioner of Telecoms/ICT Policy, Law, Regulation and Management.
On 14 January 2019, Mulikita joined Liquid Telecom Group serving on Liquid Telecom’s Southern Africa regional executive leadership team.
She later became the first woman to be appointed Chief Executive Officer of the company.
Prior to that, In January 2012, she worked at Airtel serving as regulatory director, responsible for telecommunications and ICT law, policy, regulation and stakeholder management.She also worked at the Zambia ICT Authority, serving as the legal and regulatory director from January 2001 to December 2011..
She is a mother of three children.
List of American television awards
American television awards are or were given by several organizations for contributions in various fields of television in the United States.
Marcel Marchand
Marcel Marchand was a Belgian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Ulrike Lorenz
Ulrike Lorenz (* 1963 in Gera) is a German art historian and President of the Klassik Stiftung Weimar.
In 2008, the art historian Ulrike Lorenz became director of the Kunsthalle Mannheim.
In 2009, after a renewal in the juvenile-style building (1907) of the Kunsthalle Mannheim, the collection was reopened.
For this purpose, the collection was subdivided into twelve thematic spaces of different epochs of the art layer, from Romanik to Realism.
By 2018, the extension building from 1983 was demolished and replaced by the larger Hector building.
On 1 June 2018, the reopening of the Kunsthalle Mannheim took place with a "Grand Opening" and a screening of photographs by Canadian artist Jeff Wall.
On October 2018, Lorenz was elected president of the Klassik Stiftung Weimar.
She took new office in August 2019.
Christian Jensen (weightlifter)
Christian Jensen (4 October 1888 – 16 January 1947) was a Danish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Marinus Ringelberg
Marinus Ringelberg (24 December 1892 – 1940) was a Dutch weightlifter.
He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Jefferson Bucks Hospital
Jefferson Bucks Hospital is a non-profit hospital located in Langhorne, Pennsylvania and is apart of Jefferson Health Northeast, a multi-state non-profit health system now apart of Jefferson Health.
The hospital serve as a general hospital of Aria-Jefferson Health and has a Level II trauma center.
It is the newest addition to the Jefferson Health Northeast system.
The hospital offers 24/7 addiction support.
The addiction specialist can assisting in helping patients enter an addiction treatment facility.
In 1999, the Aria Health system acquired Delaware Valley Medical Center, which is now called Jefferson Bucks Hospital.
It is a 112-bed hospital located in Langhorne, Pennsylvania.
Aria Health sought to build a new 229-bed facility in Lower Makefield to replace Bucks County Hospital.
Local residents opposed this project, due to concerns about traffic congestion.
In 2013, Aria Health proposed news plans for a "health care village," a facility offering multiple health care services, which may have lower impact on the environment and traffic congestion.
In 2019, Jefferson Frankford Hospital was named one of 18 Philadelphia region hospitals that made Healthgrades' top 250 hospitals for 2019.
On July 22, 2019, Jefferson Bucks temporarily lost power due to a storm that left over 9000 residents in Bucks County without power.
The hospital relied on a backup source until about 22:00 EST.
Berenice Sinexve
Berenice Sinexve is a South African politician and member of the African National Congress (ANC).
She is a representative of the party in the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature.
Within the Northern Cape provincial government, she serves as the MEC (Member of the Executive Council) for Sport, Arts and Culture.
Huddersfield Atalanta Ladies F.C.
Huddersfield Atalanta Ladies Football Club was a women's football club in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England, from 1920 to about 1925.
It took its name from Atalanta the fierce huntress of Greek mythology.
Its story forms the basis of the play "Atalanta Forever" by Amanda Whittington, commissioned by the Mikron Theatre Company for its 2020 season.
Maurice Devène
Maurice Devène was a French weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Higashi Otani
Higashi Otani, or Ōtani Mausoleum (Ōtani Sobyo), is a cemetery and mausoleum in Kyoto, Japan.
Rudolf Ekström
Rudolf Ekström (14 April 1895 – 16 January 1971) was a Finnish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
St. James Park (San Jose)
St. James Park is a park in downtown San Jose, California.
Originally laid out as St. James Square in 1848, local newspapers dubbed the site a park in 1885, shortly after a fountain was installed in the center of the area.
St. James Park was the site of a notorious lynching in 1933 of the two who were accused of kidnapping and murdering Brooke Hart.
Since then, the park has been bisected by a road and light rail tracks; it is now a focus of the homeless population of San Jose.
St. James Square was mapped in 1848 as part of the official survey of the city by Charles Lyman, but not further developed until after Trinity Episcopal Church was erected next to the square in 1863; the Square was developed in the late 1860s, starting with a fence erected in 1866.
William O'Donnell landscaped the park under contract to the city of San Jose.
It was one of three public squares in San Jose at the time, alongside Washington Square (site of present-day San Jose State) and Market Plaza (now Plaza de César Chávez); O'Donnell was responsible for all three.
Under O'Donnell's plan, the landscaping effort was in planting hundreds of trees to provide shade, a rarity in downtown San Jose at the time.
At the time, no paths were known to exist, based on the earliest photograph of the park, dating to 1870.
Although oral histories indicate that Frederick Law Olmsted was involved in the initial design of the park, his formal participation has not been confirmed.
A hole deep was dug to provide a city well, but without success, and the effort was abandoned in 1879.
One of the first major features was a fountain at the park's center; it was built in 1885 and the area began to be called St. James Park instead of St. James Square at about this time.
According to contemporary photographs, the fountain contained a standing female figure, with water spilling from an urn held over the statue's head.
The fence was removed in 1886.
In 1887, Rudolph Ulrich was given a contract to re-landscape all three public squares.
Simultaneously, local merchants advocated for an extension of North Second Street through the park.
Ulrich is credited with adding rows of palm trees along North First and Third streets to provide a more formal border between the park and encroaching downtown businesses.
By 1891, formal diagonal and curvilinear paths had been laid through the park, according to contemporary photographs and that year's Sanborn Fire Insurance Map.
President William McKinley visited San Jose on May 13, 1901 en route to San Francisco; plans for his welcome included a giant bouquet of cut flowers tall and in circumference at the western entrance to St. James Park, billed as the largest bouquet ever made.
After his assassination in September 1901, citizens of San Jose held a memorial service at St. James Park and began planning a permanent monument.
The William McKinley statue was placed on its base in December 1902.
On February 21, 1903, the statue was unveiled on the site where the president had spoken to the public during his visit to the city in May 1901.
The standing bronze sculpture, mounted on a granite pedestal, was executed by Rupert Schmid at a cost of , paid through private donations.
A brass cannon is at the foot of the McKinley monument; it has been the site of vigilante justice, including a 1918 incident in which George Koetzer, a brewery employee, was accused of making pro-German remarks, for which he was tarred and feathered, then chained to the cannon.
The city made its first drawing of the park in 1920, showing an overhead view of the park's layout.
Diagonal paths connect the corners of the park with the central fountain plaza; additional paths cutting east-west and north-south through the center of the park are also present, along with a meandering path connecting all four corners slightly in from the park's perimeter.
The 1885 fountain was demolished in a remodel that occurred under a Works Progress Administration (WPA) project to renovate the park in the 1930s.
Various WPA projects brought a new post office to the park's western edge and restrooms at the northern and southern ends of the park; the restrooms were removed in the 1950s.
During the construction of the post office, Harold Thurmond and John Holmes were lynched in St. James Park for the kidnapping and murder of Brooke Hart in November 1933.
Construction materials from the post office were used to storm the city jail where the men were being held; the trees in the park from which the men were hanged (not far from the McKinley memorial) were removed shortly afterward to deter souvenir-seekers.
Other memorials within St. James Park honor Henry Morris Naglee (erected 1915 by his daughters) and Robert F. Kennedy (1970).
Kennedy had spoken at St. James Park on March 23, 1968 while running for president; he was assassinated later that year.
In 1994, the Memorial Bell for San Jose firefighters was moved to the park from Plaza de César Chávez; it was subsequently relocated to Old Fire Station 1 in 2001.
Voters narrowly passed an initiative to extend North Second Street through the center of the park in 1952 to accommodate increased traffic, and the extension was completed in 1955, bisecting it; a later proposal to remove North Second in 1976 failed.
A senior center was constructed in 1973 in the northeast quadrant of the park, using modular structures that were intended to be temporary.
The St. James Square Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 27, 1979.
It encompasses the original St. James Square (now St. James Park) along with several bordering properties.
A replacement fountain was constructed between 1988 and 1990 in the western half of the park, but is presently not functioning.
The 1990 fountain is meant to evoke the 1885 fountain but not replicate it.
St. James Park is bounded by East St. James Street (on the north), North Third St (on the east), East St. John St (on the south), and North First St (on the west); it is divided into western and eastern halves by North Second Street.
As originally laid out, it measured (east-west between North First and North Third) and (north-south from East St James to East St John).
It is served by the Saint James Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority light rail stop; northbound trains stop along the western edge, along North First, and southbound trains stop in the center of the park, along North Second.
The light rail lines were completed in 1988.
The St. James Square Historic District established in 1979 consisted of St. James Park along with nine contributing properties surrounding it.
One of the properties listed as contributing to the Historic District, the Clarence Letcher Garage or Four-Wheel Brake Building at the corner of N 1st and St James, most recently housed the Oasis nightclub until it was shut down in 1996 following the beating death of Jason Cooper; the building was demolished in 2010.
Clarence Letcher was a prominent San Jose automobile dealer who was shot and killed by his wife in a murder-suicide that occurred at the Garage on July 3, 1926.
Søren Petersen (weightlifter)
Søren Petersen (21 June 1890 – 6 March 1971) was a Danish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Lionel Van De Roye
Lionel Van De Roye was a Belgian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Jaroslav Dvořák
Jaroslav Dvořák (born 18 July 1896, date of death unknown) was a Czech weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
In a House of Lies
In a House of Lies is the 22nd instalment in the best-selling Inspector Rebus series written by Ian Rankin.
"In a House of Lies" entered the hardback chart at No.
1 on the first week of its release.
Some boys discover a car in a deep gully in some woodland.
Inside is a handcuffed corpse; the ex-lover of the dead man was the son of a serving detective inspector in what was the old Lothian & Borders Police Force of Rebus' day before it became Police Scotland.
As ever, Rebus and also 'Big Ger' Cafferty, are connected to the case and end up featuring prominently in the investigation, of which Detective Inspector Siobhan Clarke is also a major player in.
Rebus is also battling COPD and has given up the cigarettes and almost stopped drinking alcohol.
Ian Rankin has stated that inspiration for the novel in part came from the murder of Daniel Morgan, who was a private detective in South London in the late 1980s.
He died of axe wounds to his head in a pub car park in Sydenham, South London in 1987.
He was investigating alleged police corruption at the time.
Reception to the book was largely positive; Barry Forshaw, writing in The Guardian said "How has Rankin kept the series fresh for 22 novels?
Deft characterisation.
Readers must keep up with a lengthy dramatis personae, but there’s nothing wrong with making us work a little."
Likewise, Mark Sanderson, writing in the Evening Standard called the book "A brilliantly twisted case for Rebus" and that "..no one in Britain writes better crime novels today."
Paul Connolly (The Metro) gave the novel four stars out of five and said that the novel had:
Julian Cole, writing in the Northern Echo, gave the book four stars out of five, but said that "...[a] good rattling read, let down only by too many unnecessary dialogue modifiers."
The Conversation (Mad About You)
"The Conversation" is the ninth episode of the sixth season of the American sitcom "Mad About You".
It was written by executive producer Victor Levin and directed by Gordon Hunt.
The episode originally aired on December 16, 1997 on NBC.
The plot sees married couple Paul (Paul Reiser) and Jamie Buchman (Helen Hunt) have a 20-minute conversation in front of their bedroom door, as they allow their infant daughter Mabel to cry herself to sleep for the first time.
"The Conversation" is a bottle episode that was filmed in one take with a single camera.
Playing out in real time, it takes place almost entirely outside the Buchman's bedroom.
The episode was originally broadcast uninterrupted by commercials, which only aired after the opening theme and just before the end credits.
Levin was inspired to write the episode around Ferberization as he believed that it had "strong emotional ground".
He also wanted an episode that would showcase Reiser and Hunt, who had always wanted to try the bottle episode format.
The episode was seen by 17.9 million viewers, giving the show its largest audience since the sixth-season premiere.
It received a mixed reaction following its broadcast, with critics praising Reiser and Hunt's performances, and the honest and funny script.
However, one critic called it the "most annoying "Mad About You" episode ever".
In later years it has been named one of television's best bottle episodes.
Jamie and Paul Buchman put their infant daughter Mabel to bed, and wait outside the bedroom door to see if she will go to sleep on her own.
Jamie sets a timer for intervals that allow them to check on Mabel, but they can only comfort her verbally.
Paul is unhappy with the method, as he wants to go in and hold Mabel, but Jamie insists that it will be good for her in the end, and stops him from going into the room early.
As they wait outside the door, Paul and Jamie talk about various topics, including Jamie winning 500 pounds of rigatoni, Paul's concern that he is shrinking and his sudden realization that they have a cabinet by the room.
When Jamie discovers their dog Murray is in the bedroom, Paul has to crawl in and get Murray out.
Paul picks up a magazine featuring a sales listing for a house, and he admits that he wants to move to the suburbs.
Paul and Jamie argue over city and suburban living, causing Jamie to remark that they are completely incompatible as parents, as they disagree on almost everything.
Jamie feels sick and Paul helps her to realize that her gut instinct is telling her to pick up Mabel.
However, just before they go in, they hear that Mabel has finally fallen asleep.
Jamie tells Paul that they broke Mabel's heart because she knows that they will not always be there for her.
Paul stops Jamie from going inside, as he worries that they will wake her.
Jamie then tells him to turn back the clock and they stay outside the door.
They later watch a film together and Paul points out the scene is all one-shot, but Jamie is not impressed.
The sitcom's executive producer Victor Levin wrote the script.
He believed an episode focusing on Ferberization, a technique that allows a child to cry itself to sleep, would have "strong emotional ground".
Levin spoke with the writing staff and the actors about his idea of Paul and Jamie being unable to leave the doorway to their bedroom, as they listen to their daughter's cries.
He explained to Nancy McAlister of "The Florida Times Union": "What would be the surprises that would be unearthed if two people sat down just to talk since they've had a kid?
Maybe they've been so busy they haven't had time to have a substantive talk.
What do you think would come out?"
Levin felt the plot would also showcase Paul Reiser and Helen Hunt's talents.
He also hoped the episode would resonate with parents and elicit empathy from the rest of the audience, saying "I hope that they feel that it's real and honest and funny."
Reiser told "The Record"'s Virginia Rohan that all parents go through a version of Ferberization at some point.
As the episode plays out, Paul and Jamie come to realize that they have very different parenting styles.
They argue and converse, which brings up "surprising revelations", including Paul's views on where they raise their daughter.
Reiser said that the bottle episode format was something the show had always wanted to try, following a season one episode set in the bathroom.
He commented, "if the story is compelling enough, you could put an entire episode in an elevator."
They were unable to find such a story until the sixth season.
Levin also stated that "Mad About You" had plans for an experimental episode before medical drama "ER" aired its live episode that same year.
He told McAlister that the format was the right way for the story to be told and that it was not a stunt.
Hunt's father Gordon Hunt directed "The Conversation".
In preparation for filming, the cast and crew had to know the exact length of the script, so they would not run over the time or run too short.
Levin told McAlister that the script was "accurately timed out", so they knew how long the lines took to say.
Rehearsals did not differ from regular episodes, but there were two "practice runs" during the afternoon of the shoot.
The episode was filmed with a single camera in one take, so that it plays out in real time.
Reiser confirmed that the episode took 25 minutes to film compared with the usual three hours.
The episode was filmed twice with and without a live studio audience.
The take with the audience was the version that was broadcast.
Levin confirmed that the audience had a positive reaction to the script and jokes, saying "I think they felt they were part of something unusual."
At one point, Paul and Jamie realize their dog Murray is in the bedroom with Mabel and Paul has to crawl in to get Murray out.
Reiser was surprised by the dog's timing and he was appreciative that the scene went well, saying "we were working on our lines, and he was working on his little belly crawl."
"The Conversation" was originally broadcast without interruption from commercials, which were aired at the beginning after the theme song and just before the credits.
Levin expressed his gratitude to the NBC network for helping out with the process.
He also revealed that the lack of commercials impacted the writing, and he made sure that, despite being one scene, the episode had a beginning, middle and end.
He told McAlister that he wanted it to be "as impactful and big feeling" as any show with multiple scenes.
In the episode's tag, Paul and Jamie are shown watching a film in a similar style to the episode, and Jamie expresses her dislike of the one-take approach.
In its original broadcast, "The Conversation" finished 12th in the ratings for the week of December 15–21, 1997.
It was viewed by 17.9 million viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research, giving "Mad About You" its largest audience since the sixth-season premiere in September.
It was the seventh highest-rated show on NBC that week, following episodes of "ER", "Seinfeld", "Veronica's Closet", "Friends", "Union Square" and "Frasier".
Writing for "The Akron Beacon Journal", James Endrst thought "The Conversation" was "in its own quiet way, a greater success" compared to the live "ER" episode.
Endrst praised Reiser and Hunt for their "touching and, under the TV circumstances, nearly flawless performances", and the script for creating distinctive and honest moments.
He concluded that it was not a groundbreaking episode, but special.
Walt Belcher from "The Tampa Tribune" said "Mad About You" succeeded with the one-take format, because it did not "overpower" the plot or performances, unlike experimental episodes of "ER" and "Chicago Hope".
David Bianculli of the "New York Daily News" was impressed that the episode was filmed in one take and that Gordon Hunt directed it "without a false note".
Bianculli felt the episode, despite its "strong" script, would "sink, rather than soar" if it was not for Reiser and Hunt.
He also joked that the episode featured more non-stop crying since the broadcast of telemovie "The Women's Room".
In his review, "The Capital"'s John Martin called the episode "inspired".
He wrote, "funny and heartwarming, it touches the uncertainties all good parents face."
Martin also attributed "outstanding performances" by Reiser and Hunt for making the episode so memorable.
In contrast, "The Baltimore Sun"'s David Zurawik found that 22 minutes of a crying baby was "way too much", and he believed that "The Conversation" was a good example of how "baby-obsessed" the sitcom had become.
Zurawik also reported that "USA Today" gave the episode a thumbs-down and stated that Mabel was the "most ill-conceived television baby since Murphy Brown's controversial Avery."
Mike Duffy of the "Detroit Free Press" branded "The Conversation" the "most annoying "Mad About You" episode ever".
He added that commercials would have been a welcome interruption.
A reporter for "The Desert Sun" had a mixed reaction, saying it was "a sweet episode that's a little slack in the middle, but ends quite poignantly."
In 2013, Jennifer Wood of "Mental Floss" included "The Conversation" in her feature on the "10 Best Bottle Episodes of Your Favorite TV Shows".
Wood wrote that "director Gordon Hunt channeled his inner Ingmar Bergman to do the unthinkable: drop a camera on the floor of the Buchmans' apartment and leave it there.
For the entire show.
Whether the actors were in the shot or not."
She called it "pretty revolutionary stuff" and said the tag was "a clever nod" to the format.
Kaitlynn Smith from "TV Fanatic" also included the episode in her feature on "Amazing Bottle Episodes", calling it "one of the most challenging and well-executed" of the format.
"Vulture"'s Daniel Kurland named "The Conversation" as "one of the boldest bottle episodes ever".
He found the idea to be ambitious, and thought the subject matter would resonate with parents going through the same thing with their children.
He also said it was "a showcase of Paul and Jamie as unconfident new parents, and it encapsulates this beautifully."
Kurland acknowledged that it is an unpopular episode with some viewers, but wrote "it might not be a perfect experiment, but it's a sort of brilliant, evolving idea."
Actress Natalie Morales chose "The Conversation" as her most influential television episode in a feature for Decider.
Morales explained that upon her first viewing, she was unable to look away as she realized that it was all one take, making it "so starkly dissimilar from any other thing on TV."
She went onto say that the episode influenced her to think about breaking the mold and "the different ways I could do things that were already established as, 'Well, this is just how it's done.'"
2020 Idaho Republican primary
The 2020 Idaho Republican primary will take place on March 10, 2020.
Six candidates have filed to run in the primary.
Jan Welter
Jan Welter (27 February 1895 – 19 June 1960) was a Dutch weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
132nd (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery
132nd (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment was an air defence unit of Britain's Royal Artillery formed during World War II.
It was one of the first 'Mixed' regiments in which women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service were integrated into the unit's personnel.
It defended London and South-East England against aerial attack until it deployed to Belgium in January 1945 to defend Brussels against V-1 flying bombs.
By 1941, after two years of war Anti-Aircraft Command, tasked with defending the UK against air attack, was suffering a manpower shortage.
In April its commander-in-chief, Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick 'Tim' Pile, proposed to overcome this by utilising the women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS).
The ATS was by law a non-combatant service, but it was decided that Defence Regulations permitted the employment of women in anti-aircraft (AA) roles other than actually firing the guns.
They worked the radar and plotting instruments, range-finders and predictors, ran command posts and communications, and carried out many other duties.
With the increasing automation of heavy AA (HAA) guns, including gun-laying, fuze-setting and ammunition loading under remote control from the predictor, the question of who actually fired the gun became blurred as the war progressed.
The ATS rank and file, if not always their officers, took to the new role with enthusiasm and 'Mixed' batteries and regiments with the ATS supplying two-thirds of their personnel quickly proved a success.
The first of these new units, 435 (Mixed) HAA Battery, took over an operational gun site in Richmond Park, south-west London, in August 1941, and a full regiment of converted batteries soon followed.
The next group of mixed regiments was formed on 22 September 1941, including 132nd (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, whose regimental headquarters formed in Highgate, North London.
It was then joined by the following batteries:
The new regiment was assigned to 26th (London) Anti-Aircraft Brigade, part of 1st Anti-Aircraft Division operating the London Inner Artillery Zone (IAZ) of defences.
553 (M) HAA Battery, formed on 16 April 1942 at Arborfield by 205th HAA Training Rgt from another cadre supplied by 105th HAA Rgt, was due to have been regimented with 132nd HAA Rgt by 26 June, but there was a shortage of ATS recruits and its formation was delayed.
It eventually joined 163rd (M) HAA Rgt.
132nd HAA Regiment supplied another cadre to 24th HAA Training Rgt at Blackdown as the basis of a new 565 (M) HAA Bty formed on 10 June 1942; this also joined 163rd (M) HAA Rgt.
The London Blitz had ended in May 1941 and for nearly two years the city was hardly affected by bombing raids while the "Luftwaffe" concentrated on coastal targets.
A few sporadic attacks were made on London during 1943, by conventional bombers at night on 17 January, 3 March and 16 April, by daylight Fighter-bombers on 12 March, and by night again on 7 and 20 October.
The "Luftwaffe" began a new bombing campaign against London in early 1944 (the Baby Blitz), when the city was subjected to 14 raids between 21 January and 18 April.
By now the night fighter defences and the London IAZ were well organised and the attackers suffered heavy losses for relatively small results.
On 13 February, for example, only six out of 115 aircraft reached London, the rest being driven off.
Five raids in the third week of February varying in strength from 100 to 140 aircraft were met by intense AA fire from the Thames Estuary in to the IAZ and fewer than half reached the city; 13 were shot down by AA Command, 15 by Royal Air Force night-fighters, and one 'kill' was shared.
More significant were the V-1 flying bombs, codenamed 'Divers', which began to be launched against London from Northern France soon after the Allies launched their invasion of Normandy (Operation Overlord) on D-Day.
V-1s (known to Londoners as 'Doodlebugs') presented AA Command's biggest challenge since the Blitz.
Defences had been planned against this new form of attack (Operation Diver), but the missiles' small size, high speed and awkward height presented a severe problem for AA guns.
After two weeks' experience AA Command carried out a major reorganisation, stripping guns from the London IAZ and other parts of the UK and repositioning them along the South Coast to target V-1s coming in over the English Channel, where the gun-laying radar worked best and where a 'downed' V-1 would cause no damage.
The introduction of VT Proximity fuzes also increased the 'kill rate'.
132nd (M) HAA Regiment transferred to 40 AA Brigade, which was moved into the V-1 flightpath.
The whole process involved moving hundreds of guns and vehicles and thousands of servicemen and women, but a new 8-gun HAA battery site could be established in 48 hours.
After moving the mobile 3.7-inch HAA guns to the coast, these were progressively replaced by the static Mark IIC model, which had power traverse, accompanied by the most sophisticated Radar No 3 Mark V (the SCR-584 radar set) and No 10 Predictor (the all-electric Bell Labs AAA Computer).
In early August 132nd (M) HAA Rgt came under the command of 102 AA Brigade, which had been scheduled to take part in 'Overlord' but had been diverted to reinforce the 'Diver' defences in South East England.
The guns were constantly in action and the success rate of the HAA batteries against 'Divers' rose progressively until late summer, when the launching sites in Normandy were overrun by 21st Army Group.
As the "Luftwaffe" switched to air-launching V-1s from over the North Sea, so AA Command had to uproot its static guns and redeploy them again in East Anglia.
132nd (M) HAA Regiment initially remained on the South Coast, switching to 43 AA Brigade in October, and then when that was disbanded reverting to 26 (London) AA Bde.
469 (M) HAA Battery left 132nd (M) HAA Rgt and became independent on 30 November 1944.
Once 21st Army Group had captured Brussels and Antwerp, these cities became targets for V-1s launched from within Germany, and anti-Diver or 'X' defences had to be established.
AA Command's experience had shown that the power-operated, remotely controlled Mk IIC 3.7-inch gun, with automatic fuze-setting, SCR 584 radar and Predictor No 10 were required to deal effectively with V-1s, but 21st Army Group's mobile HAA units did not have experience with this equipment.
132nd HAA Regiment was the second Mixed unit sent from AA Command to reinforce the Brussels 'X' defences in January 1945.
It deployed in bitter winter weather: it was so cold that the oil in the guns' hydraulic power systems froze.
The Brussels 'X' defences under 101 AA Brigade involved an outer line of Wireless Observer Units sited to in front of the guns to give 8 minutes' warning, then Local Warning (LW) stations positioned half way, equipped with radar to begin plotting individual missiles.
Finally there was an inner belt of Observation Posts (OPs), about in front of the guns to give visual confirmation that the tracked target was a missile.
The LW stations and OPs were operated by teams from the AA regiments.
Radar-controlled searchlights were deployed to assist in identification and engagement of missiles at night.
Unlike the anti-Diver guns firing over the English Channel or North Sea, VT fuzes could not be employed by the HAA batteries at Brussels because of the risk of casualties to troops and civilians under the missiles' flightpath.
The success rate of the Brussels X defences had been low at first, but after the arrival of Mk IIC guns and experienced crews from AA Command the results improved considerably, with best results in February and March 1945.
(101 AA Bde handed over command to 50 AA Bde for the last few weeks.)
The number of missiles launched at Brussels dropped rapidly as 21st Army Group continued its advance, and in the last week the AA defences destroyed 97.5 per cent of those reaching the defence belt.
The war in Europe ended on VE Day (8 May 1945) and 132nd (Mixed) HAA Regiment and its three batteries were disbanded on 31 May.
While the male members of the regiment wore the Royal Artillery's 'gun' cap badge, the women wore the ATS cap badge, but in addition they wore the RA's 'grenade' collar badge as a special badge above the left breast pocket of the tunic.
Both sexes wore the white RA lanyard on the right shoulder.
Kelvin Ikeduba
Kelvin Ngozi Ikeduba (born 21 August 1976) is a Nigerian actor who in 2014 won the award for "Best Cross Over Actor" at the "Yoruba Movie Academy Awards (YMAA)" and he is predominantly known for his diversity in the Nigerian movie industry as he has been featured in Nollywood movies where the english language is commonly used in their productions and also has been featured in diverse Yoruba only speaking movies produced by the Yoruba movie industry of Nigeria.
Ikeduba although being a native of Delta State was born in Ebute-Meta in Lagos State a south-western geographical area of Nigeria predominantly occupied by the Yoruba speaking people of Nigeria and is from a family of six—four children, two male, two female, a mother, and a father—of which he is the first born child.
Ikeduba was raised from a tender age into adulthood in Lagos state, precisely in Olokodana Street in Ebute-Metta.
Ikeduba received both primary and secondary school education in Lagos state but in bid to obtain a university degree he relocated to the Benin city, a south-south geographical area of Nigeria where he applied to the University of Benin to study Economics.
Ikeduba was accepted and eventually graduated from there with a B.Sc.
degree in Economics.
In an interview with Vanguard, a Nigerian print media press, Ikeduba stated that he debuted into the Nigerian movie industry in the year 2000.
He described his venture into the Nigerian movie industry as a coincidence as he initially only wanted to accompany a friend to an audition for actors but on reaching their destination he decided to audition also and was successful in it as he was called back and given a movie role.
Ikeduba’s ability to understand and communicate in all three major languages in Nigeria has been pivotal to his career, he acknowledges this fact and speaks publicly about it.
Ikeduba debuted his acting career into the english language only conventional and mainstream Nigerian movie industry known commonly as Nollywood but eventually crossed over to the Yoruba movie industry in Nigeria with the help of Femi Ogedengbe who introduced him to Saheed Balogun who gave him a movie role in a Yoruba movie he was producing titled "Omo Alhaja".
Ikeduba has been stereotyped in the Nigerian movie industry as a “Bad Boy” which he attributed to his appearance, hence in almost all the movies he has featured in, he was always the antagonist or as the Nigerian media puts it “The Bad Boy”.
Ikeduba won the award for "Best Cross Over Actor" at the "Yoruba Movie Academy Awards (YMAA)" in 2014.
Ikeduba is multilingual as he can speak the Yoruba language, the Hausa Language the Igbo language as well as the English language, which is the official language of commuication in Nigeria.
Gino Mattiello
Gino Mattiello was an Italian weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Erik Carlsson (weightlifter)
Erik Carlsson (21 July 1893 – 18 May 1981) was a Swedish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Hans Nerell
Hans Sven Torstensson Nerell (born 27 September 1944) is a former tennis player from Sweden.
Nerell represented Sweden at the Olympic Games in Mexico City in 1968 when tennis was a demonstration sport.
He lost in the first round of the singles event to the American, Herbert Fitzgibbon.
Nerell was a regular member of the Swedish Davis Cup team between 1968 and 1971, playing in six ties.
His first appearance was against Rhodesia in the 1968 Davis Cup Europe Zone, first-round tie that was scheduled for Båstad, Sweden.
A demonstrators protest, that became known as the Båstad riots, against the political situation in Rhodesia, caused the tie to be moved to Bandol, France.
Nerell played both in the singles and doubles, losing his first singles match and winning the doubles with Ove Bengtson, as well as the his second singles, coming back for a two set to zero deficit.
His last Davis Cup match was in the 1971 Europe Zone first round against France.
Nerell played in the main draw of the singles, doubles and mixed doubles at the 1969 French Open.
He lost in the second round of the singles and doubles and, with partner Margareta Strandberg, in the first round of the mixed doubles.
He and Strandberg also qualified for the mixed doubles at the 1969 Wimbledon Championships, once again losing in the first round.
Lucas Dias
Lucas Dias may refer to:
Kurmyshsky Uyezd
Kurmyshsky Uyezd ("Курмышский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Simbirsk Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the northern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Kurmysh.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Kurmyshsky Uyezd had a population of 161,647.
Of these, 52.5% spoke Russian, 25.9% Chuvash, 15.0% Tatar, 6.4% Mordvin and 0.1% Czech as their native language.
Joseph Duchateau
Joseph Duchateau (1885 – 1953) was a French weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
137th (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery
137th (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment was an air defence unit of Britain's Royal Artillery formed during World War II.
It was one of the first 'Mixed' regiments in which women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service were integrated into the unit's personnel.
It defended the United Kingdom against aerial attack until it deployed to Belgium in January 1945 to defend Brussels against V-1 flying bombs.
By 1941, after two years of war Anti-Aircraft Command, tasked with defending the UK against air attack, was suffering a manpower shortage.
In April its commander-in-chief, Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick 'Tim' Pile, proposed to overcome this by utilising the women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS).
The ATS was by law a non-combatant service, but it was decided that Defence Regulations permitted the employment of women in anti-aircraft (AA) roles other than actually firing the guns.
They worked the radar and plotting instruments, range-finders and predictors, ran command posts and communications, and carried out many other duties.
With the increasing automation of heavy AA (HAA) guns, including gun-laying, fuze-setting and ammunition loading under remote control from the predictor, the question of who actually fired the gun became blurred as the war progressed.
The ATS rank and file, if not always their officers, took to the new role with enthusiasm and 'Mixed' batteries and regiments with the ATS supplying two-thirds of their personnel quickly proved a success.
The first of these new batteries took over an operational gun site in Richmond Park, south-west London, in August 1941, and complete regiments soon followed, including 137th (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, whose regimental headquarters formed at Newton, Chester, on 10 November 1941.
It was then joined by the following batteries:
At the end of the year the new regiment was assigned to 33rd (Western) Anti-Aircraft Brigade in Liverpool, part of 4th Anti-Aircraft Division.
On 5 January 1942, 477 (M) HAA Bty transferred to 142nd HAA Rgt in exchange for 487 (M) HAA Bty, which joined 137th HAA Rgt on 1 February (487 was another Oswestry-trained battery, with its cadre drawn from 107th HAA Rgt).
The Blitz had ended in May 1941, but there were still occasional "Luftwaffe" raids on Liverpool and Manchester, and AA Command continued to expand its capabilities.
137th (M) HAA Regiment sent a cadre to 211th HAA Training Rgt at Oswestry where it formed 574 (M) HAA Bty on 30 June 1942.
Then in September the regiment moved from North West England to the London Inner Artillery Zone (IAZ), where it came under the command of 26 (London) AA Bde in 1st AA Division and was joined by 574 (M) HAA Bty.
On 9 November 590 (M) HAA Bty also joined, having been formed at Oswestry from a 1st AA Division cadre and briefly served with 183rd (M) HAA Rgt.
A few sporadic attacks were made on London during 1943, by conventional bombers at night on 17 January, 3 March and 16 April, by daylight Fighter-bombers on 12 March, and by night again on 7 and 20 October.
The "Luftwaffe" began a new bombing campaign against London in early 1944 (the Baby Blitz), when the city was subjected to 14 raids between 21 January and 18 April.
By now the night fighter defences and the London IAZ were well organised and the attackers suffered heavy losses for relatively small results.
On 13 February, for example, only six out of 115 aircraft reached London, the rest being driven off.
Five raids in the third week of February varying in strength from 100 to 140 aircraft were met by intense AA fire from the Thames Estuary in to the IAZ and fewer than half reached the city; 13 were shot down by AA Command, 15 by Royal Air Force night-fighters, and one 'kill' was shared.
More significant were the V-1 flying bombs, codenamed 'Divers', which began to be launched against London from Northern France soon after the Allies launched their invasion of Normandy (Operation Overlord) on D-Day.
V-1s (known to Londoners as 'Doodlebugs') presented AA Command's biggest challenge since the Blitz.
Defences had been planned against this new form of attack (Operation Diver), but the missiles' small size, high speed and awkward height presented a severe problem for AA guns.
After two weeks' experience AA Command carried out a major reorganisation, stripping many guns from the London IAZ and other parts of the UK and repositioning them along the South Coast to target V-1s coming in over the English Channel, where the gun-laying radar worked best and where a 'downed' V-1 would cause no damage.
137th (M) HAA Regiment remained in the London IAZ, though here the guns stayed largely silent, to the dismay of Londoners.
The first 'Diver' offensive ended when the launching sites in Normandy were overrun by 21st Army Group.
A second campaign of air-launched missiles coming in from the North Sea led to a second redeployment by AA Command to East Anglia, but again 137th (M) HAA Rgt was unaffected by the moves.
574 and 590 (M) HAA Batteries were disbanded on 16 October 1944, but the regiment was briefly joined from 7 to 30 November by 455 HAA Bty from 129th (M) HAA Rgt before it became an independent battery.
Once 21st Army Group had captured Brussels and Antwerp, these cities became targets for V-1s launched from within Germany, and anti-Diver or 'X' defences had to be established.
AA Command's experience had shown that the power-operated, remotely controlled static Mk IIC 3.7-inch HAA gun, which had power traverse and automatic fuze-setting, accompanied by the most sophisticated Radar No 3 Mark V (the SCR-584 radar set) and No 10 Predictor (the all-electric Bell Labs AAA Computer), were required to deal effectively with V-1s, but 21st Army Group's mobile HAA units did not have experience with this equipment.
137th (M) HAA Regiment was the first Mixed unit sent from AA Command to reinforce the Brussels 'X' defences in January 1945.
It deployed in bitter winter weather: it was so cold that the oil in the guns' hydraulic power systems froze.
The Brussels 'X' defences under 101 AA Brigade involved an outer line of Wireless Observer Units sited to in front of the guns to give 8 minutes' warning, then Local Warning (LW) stations positioned half way, equipped with radar to begin plotting individual missiles.
Finally there was an inner belt of Observation Posts (OPs), about in front of the guns to give visual confirmation that the tracked target was a missile.
The LW stations and OPs were operated by teams from the AA regiments.
Radar-controlled searchlights were deployed to assist in identification and engagement of missiles at night.
Unlike the anti-Diver guns firing over the English Channel or North Sea, VT Proximity fuzes could not be employed by the HAA batteries at Brussels because of the risk of casualties to troops and civilians under the missiles' flightpath.
The success rate of the Brussels X defences had been low at first, but after the arrival of Mk IIC guns and experienced crews from AA Command the results improved considerably, with best results in February and March 1945.
(101 AA Bde handed over command to 50 AA Bde for the last few weeks.)
The number of missiles launched at Brussels dropped rapidly as 21st Army Group continued its advance, and in the last week the AA defences destroyed 97.5 per cent of those reaching the defence belt.
The war in Europe ended on VE Day (8 May 1945) and 137th (Mixed) HAA Regiment and its three batteries was disbanded on 25 October.
While the male members of the regiment wore the Royal Artillery's 'gun' cap badge, the women wore the ATS cap badge, but in addition they wore the RA's 'grenade' collar badge as a special badge above the left breast pocket of the tunic.
Both sexes wore the white RA lanyard on the right shoulder.
Ruhi Naaj
Ruhi Naaj (last name also spelled Naj, Naz or Naaz) is a Nepali politician and a member of the House of Representatives of the federal parliament of Nepal.
She was elected under the proportional representation system from Federal Socialist Forum, Nepal.
Rikard Brunn
Rikard Brunn (27 May 1893 – 5 November 1939) was a Swedish weightlifter.
He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Bloodbath (Suicidal Angels album)
Bloodbath is the fourth studio album by Greek thrash metal band Suicidal Angels, released on 27 January 2012.
It is their second album for NoiseArt Records, and their first to enter the German and Austrian official album charts.
The production took place at the Music Factory and Prophecy Studios in Germany, as well as Zero Gravity Studios] in Athens.
The band works with Jörg Uken for the mix and master at Soundlodge Studios, based in Rhauderfehn, Germany.
All music and arrangements by Nick Melissourgos and Orfeas Tzortzopoulos; All lyrics by Melissourgos.
Drohman Cabin
The Drohman Cabin is a one and a half story log cabin built about 1850 in Madison, Wisconsin, United States.
The main structure was made of hand-hewn oak logs joined by German-style dovetail joints.
Interior walls are wattle-and-daub, which is unusual in Wisconsin.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
In 1989, it was moved near the Wisconsin River and Helena, Wisconsin in Iowa County.
Kick It
Kick It may refer to:
Ejnar Jensen
Ejnar Jensen (17 February 1896 – 31 October 1973) was a Danish weightlifter.
He competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Ellen Van Volkenburg
Ellen Van Volkenburg (October 8, 1882 – December 15, 1978), born Nellie Van Volkenburg in Battle Creek, Michigan, was a leading actress, director, puppeteer and theater educator in the United States and the UK.
Educated at the University of Michigan, Van Volkenburg has been credited, along with her then-husband Englishman Maurice Browne, with being the founder of the Little Theatre Movement in America through their work with the Chicago Little Theatre.
Van Volkenburg and Browne went on to found the department of drama at the Cornish School in Seattle in 1918, now Cornish College of the Arts.
Although she divorced Maurice Browne in 1922, for much of her life she signed herself "Ellen Van Volkenburg Browne."
Cardiac diet
A cardiac diet also known as a heart healthy diet is a diet focus on reducing sodium, fat and cholesterol intake.
The diet concentrates on reducing "foods containing saturated fats and trans fats" and substituting them with "mono and polyunsaturated fats".
The diet advocates increasing intake of "complex carbohydrates, soluble fiber and omega 3 fatty acids" and is recommended for people with cardiovascular disease or people looking for a healthier diet.
The diet limits the intake of meat, dairy products, egg products, certain desserts and caffeine.
The cardiac diet emphasizes a fruit and vegatable based diet.
Foods such as spinach, cauliflower, broccoli, tomatoes, bok choy, arugula, bell peppers, and carrots are recommended.
Fiber is also recommended, foods such as oats, beans, ground flaxseed and berries are advised.
A healthy cardiac diet "allows for an estimated 25–30% of total calories from fat" mostly from mono and polyunsaturated fats.
Since 2006, the American Heart Association have been "substantially more stringent on saturated fat intake".
Besides the diet recommended by the American Heart Association, a Mediterranean diet or ovo-lacto vegetarianism are also viable.
Commercial cardiac diets are also available for pets such as cats and dogs with cardiovascular health issues.
Satoshi Hamada
Hamada ran in multiple elections during the 2019 election season.
SS George Dewey
SS "George Dewey" was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II.
She was named after George Dewey, the only person in United States history to obtain the rank Admiral of the Navy.
Dewey was a graduate of the United States Naval Academy and fought in both the American Civil War and the Spanish–American War.
"George Dewey" was laid down on 8 May 1943, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 1202, by the St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company, Jacksonville, Florida; she was sponsored by Rear Admiral Walter Browne Woodson, she was launched on 5 August 1943.
She was allocated to American Export Lines Inc., on 27 August 1943.
On 1 January 1948, she was placed in the Hudson River Reserve Fleet, Jones Point, New York.
On 31 May 1952, she was laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Beaumont, Texas.
She was turned over for use as an artificial reef, on 6 August 1975, to the state of Texas.
She was withdrawn from the fleet, 12 August 1975.
She was sunk on 25 April 1976, at along with her sister ships , sunk on 15 June 1976, and , sunk on 6 April 1976.
435th (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Battery, Royal Artillery
435th (Mixed) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Battery was an air defence unit of Britain's Royal Artillery formed during World War II.
It was the first 'Mixed' battery in which women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service were integrated into the unit's personnel and was the forerunner of hundreds of later batteries.
It defended the United Kingdom against aerial attack until it deployed to Belgium in January 1945 to defend Brussels against V-1 flying bombs.
By 1941, after two years of war, Anti-Aircraft Command, tasked with defending the UK against air attack, was suffering a manpower shortage.
In April its commander-in-chief, Lieutenant-General Sir Frederick 'Tim' Pile, proposed to overcome this by utilising the women of the Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS).
The ATS was by law a non-combatant service, but it was decided that Defence Regulations permitted the employment of women in anti-aircraft (AA) roles other than actually firing the guns.
They worked the radar and plotting instruments, range-finders and predictors, ran command posts and communications, and carried out many other duties.
With the increasing automation of heavy AA (HAA) guns, including laying, fuze-setting and loading under remote control from the predictor, the question of who actually fired the gun became blurred as the war progressed.
The ATS rank and file, if not always their officers, took to the new role with enthusiasm and 'Mixed' batteries and regiments with the ATS supplying two-thirds of their personnel quickly proved a success.
435 Heavy Anti-Aircraft Battery was ordered to form on 21 May 1941 from a cadre of experienced officers and men supplied by 84th (Middlesex, London Transport) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery.
But this order was rescinded, and a new 435 HAA Bty was formed at Oswestry on 12 June with men transferred from 255, 259 and 260 Light AA Batteries, which had been formed at Carlisle and Saighton on 8 May and then disbanded.
The new battery was converted into a Mixed unit (with two-thirds of its personnel supplied by the ATS) on 25 June, and took over an operational gun site in Richmond Park, south-west London, in August.
435 (Mixed) HAA Battery was regimented with 105th HAA Regiment in 26th (London) Anti-Aircraft Brigade, part of 1st Anti-Aircraft Division operating the London Inner Artillery Zone (IAZ) of defences.
On 6 October 1941 the battery was transferred within the brigade to join the newly-formed 132nd (Mixed) HAA Regiment.
The London Blitz had ended in May 1941 and for nearly two years the city was hardly affected by bombing raids apart from a few sporadic attacks during 1943.
The "Luftwaffe" began a new bombing campaign against London in early 1944 (the Baby Blitz).
By now the night fighter defences and the London IAZ were well organised and the attackers suffered heavy losses for relatively small results.
More significant were the V-1 flying bombs, codenamed 'Divers', which began to be launched against London from Northern France soon after the Allies launched their invasion of Normandy (Operation Overlord) on D-Day.
V-1s (known to Londoners as 'Doodlebugs') presented AA Command's biggest challenge since the Blitz: the missiles' small size, high speed and awkward height presented a severe problem for AA guns.
After two weeks' experience AA Command carried out a major reorganisation, stripping guns from the London IAZ, including 132nd (M) HAA Rgt, and repositioning them along the South Coast to target V-1s coming in over the English Channel, where the gun-laying radar worked best and where a 'downed' V-1 would cause no damage.
The whole process involved moving hundreds of guns and vehicles and thousands of servicemen and women, but a new 8-gun HAA battery site could be established in 48 hours.
After moving the mobile 3.7-inch HAA guns to the coast, these were progressively replaced by the static Mark IIC model, which had power traverse, accompanied by the most sophisticated Radar No 3 Mark V (the SCR-584 radar set) and No 10 Predictor (the all-electric Bell Labs AAA Computer).
The guns were constantly in action and the success rate of the HAA batteries against 'Divers' rose progressively until late summer, when the launching sites in Normandy were overrun by 21st Army Group.
Once 21st Army Group had captured Brussels and Antwerp, these cities became targets for V-1s launched from within Germany, and anti-Diver or 'X' defences had to be established.
AA Command's experience had shown that the power-operated, remotely controlled Mk IIC 3.7-inch gun, with automatic fuze-setting, SCR 584 radar and Predictor No 10 were required to deal with V-1s, but 21st Army Group's mobile HAA units did not have experience with this equipment.
132nd HAA Regiment was the second Mixed unit sent from AA Command to reinforce the Brussels 'X' defences in January 1945.
It deployed in bitter winter weather: it was so cold that the oil in the guns' hydraulic power systems froze.
The success rate of the Brussels X defences had been low at first, but after the arrival of Mk IIC guns and experienced crews from AA Command the results improved considerably, with best results in February and March 1945.
The number of missiles launched at Brussels dropped rapidly as 21st Army continued its advance, and in the last week the AA defences destroyed 97.5 per cent of those reaching the defence belt.
The war in Europe ended on VE Day (8 May 1945) and 435 (Mixed) HAA Battery along with the rest of the regiment was disbanded on 31 May.
While the male members of the battery wore the Royal Artillery's 'gun' cap badge, the women wore the ATS cap badge, but in addition they wore the RA's 'grenade' shoulder badge as a special badge above the left breast pocket of the tunic.
Both sexes wore the white RA lanyard on the right shoulder.
Wontstop Record
Wontstop Record is an independent record label founded in 1998 by Emmanuel Anebsa in Bristol, United Kingdom.
The label has produced and released 37 albums and 30 singles, including singles such as Junior Kelly's "Jah Know", Anthony B's "Make My Money" and Anebsa's "Change My Life".
In 2016, the label released a compilation album featuring the work of Anebsa, Doniki, Junior Kelly, Determine, Jah Mason and Turbulance.
According to a report in "The Gleaner", the label has "built a reputation for hard-hitting dub and roots reggae music that elevates black consciousness".
Journal of Experimental Psychopathology
The Journal of Experimental Psychopathology is a continuously published open access journal covering psychopathology.
It was established in 2010 and is published by SAGE Publications.
It was relaunched as an open access journal in 2018, after it was combined with the pre-existing journal Psychopathology Review.
The editor-in-chief is Graham Davey (University of Sussex).
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2018 impact factor of 0.812, ranking it 108th out of 130 journals in the category "Psychology, Clinical".
List of South African provinces by life expectancy
This article lists the provinces of South Africa by their average life expectancy at birth according to data by Statistics South Africa.
Benton Harbor Fruit Market
Benton Harbor Fruit Market began in 1860 as an outlet for Southwest Michigan farm products.
It currently operates four types of businesses including high volume wholesale produce, small wholesalers, retail, storage, and a market restaurant.
Benton Harbor, Michigan is located in Michigan's fruit belt and is situated part way between Chicago and Detroit.
The market operates seasonally.
At inception, the market operated from the city wharves on Lake Michigan.
When the primary mode of transport shifted from ships to trains and trucks, the market moved to the north side of Benton Harbor.
In the 1940s the market had grown to the point that it was called "the largest cash-to-growers outlet in the world".
The market supplied produce to restaurants, grocery stores, and retail customers.
In 1960 the market accommodated 293 buyer stalls on a 16-acre facility which included wholesale and retail markets, a restaurant, and a migrant labor camp.
The principle products sold at that time were strawberries, peaches and tomatoes, representing half of the entire United States sales of these crops.
The market was owned and operated by the City of Benton Harbor, but today it is owned and operated by Benton Harbor Fruit Market Inc.
On July 20, 1970 the market was the destination for a protest march organized by Michigan labor activists in support of the California Grape Boycott organized by Cesar Chavez, Dolores Huerta, and the United Farm Workers.
In 2010 the nearby Southwest Michigan Regional Airport sued the Market for eminent domain to gain five acres of the fruit market's land.
In 2011 A Berrien County Circuit Court lawsuit resulted in a $2.25 million compensation to the Market.
Sengileyevsky Uyezd
Sengileyevsky Uyezd ("Сенгилеевский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Simbirsk Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the southeastern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Sengiley.
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Sengileyevsky Uyezd had a population of 151,726.
Of these, 78.9% spoke Russian, 10.7% Mordvin, 4.6% Chuvash, 4.5% Tatar, 0.9% Belarusian, 0.2% Latvian and 0.2% Estonian as their native language.
Andries Knevel
Andries Gerrit Knevel (born 13 February 1952, Naarden) is a Dutch theologist, author and presenter on Dutch radio and tv.
He is the former program director of the Evangelische Omroep, a Dutch broadcasting organisation with Protestant foundations.
Knevel grew up in a Christian-Reformed family with a municipal civil servant father and stay-at-home mother.
He studied economics at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam.
Only during his study time, he became a devout Christian.
In interviews, Knevel pointed at a specific moment that God entered his life during an economics lecture, and that he decided that he wanted to become a minister instead.
Knevel changed his field of study to theology: first at the Vrije Universiteit, but after a year he switched to Utrecht University, where he graduated in 1979.
Alongside his study, he tought theology and society sciences at the Christian high school Farelcollege in Ridderkerk between 1976 and 1978.
In 1978, Knevel started as free lance desk reporter at the Evangelische Omroep (EO), a Dutch public broadcasting organisation with evangelical-protestant roots.
He quickly became a staff member in 1979, and in 1989 took the position of head of informative programs.
In 1992, he started presenting the national television talk show "Het Elfde Uur" (the eleventh hour).
Alongside his public facing job, he took a leadership position of the broadcasting organisation, and became one of its directors between 1993 and 2006.
Between 2001 and 2004, Knevel had his own national talkshow on Saturday, "Knevel op Zaterdag" (Knevel on Saturday).
On the radio, he presented "Andries Radio".
Between 2007 and 2014, he presented a summer evening daily talk show on the primary national channel together with Tijs van den Brink: "Knevel & Van den Brink".
Also together with Van den Brink, he presented the weekly show "Moraalridders" (Moralists) between 2010 and 2012 and he presented regularly on other EO-produced shows.
In 2013, Knevel started a series of interview or conversation programs about religion.
This was first a more general series under the name "Andries", but later he focused on the interface between religion and science in "Andries en de Wetenschappers" (Andries and the scientists).
Andries got national recognition for his show "Het Elfde Uur".
His style was sometimes confrontational and sharp, which was both appreciated and criticized.
Especially his gesture of a raised index finger became synonymous for his style, even if he later transformed the gesture.
At the concluding episode in 2009, he was awarded the grade of Officer in the chivalrous Order of Orange-Nassau.
In 2005, Knevel declared in a radio talk show that he no longer accepted the classical creationism teaching that the earth was created in six days.
He was at the time still a director at the EO, and considered it no longer scientifically acceptable to rely on the historical accuracy of Genesis 1.
This was especially notable because the EO was for many years one of the main voices that promoted the creationism in the Netherlands.
In 2009, he angered several of the EO members because he signed during a TV show a document that he did not literally believe in the creationist teachings, and that Darwins theory may be true.
He stated that he could be an devout orthodox Protestant, without believing that the world was created six thousand years ago in six times 24 hours, and that he regretted that he misled viewers and children in the past.
He later had to offer apologies for giving an impression that his personal view was the view of the EO.
Knevel authored a number of books on theology and television.
In 2007 and 2008 he published a diary on those years.
Published books include:
He was also editor and secondary author of a number of theological publications, "Theologische Verkenningen" (Theological explorations).
He was editor-in-chief at the Christian opinion magazine "Koers and wrote various opinion columns for evangelical and catholic magazines."
Knevel is married and has three children.
He is a member of the Christian Reformed Churches and visits also the evangelical international church Crossroads in Amstelveen.
He often preaches as a theologist in numerous churches.
Emilie Hesseldal
Emilie Sofie Hesseldal (born 21 December 1990) is an Danish professional basketball player and a member of the Danish national basketball team.
Hesseldal started her career with Aabyhøj IF in the Dameligaen during the 2006–2007 season.
During her second season, she had broken into the starting lineup.
She led the league in steals in 2010 and 2011.
In 2012, Hesseldal transferred to Horsholm 79ers where she appeared in two games, averaging 25.0 points and 9.0 rebounds, before moving to college in the United States.
Hesseldal started her college career with Eckerd College in 2012.
In 16 games with the Tritons, she averaged 9.8 points, 5.3 rebounds, 2.8 assists and 2.0 steals per game.
After the season, she transferred to Colorado State.
In December 2014, Hesseldal dislocated her left elbow and completely tore her ulnar collateral ligament (UCL).
After missing a month, she played through the injury for the remaining of the season and despite requiring a Tommy John surgery to repair the damage, she decided to forgo the surgery prior to her senior season as it would've ended her college career.
After graduating from college, Hesseldal took a year of from basketball.
She returned to the court with Stevnsgade BBK prior to the 2017-2018 season and helped the team reach the Dameligaen finals where the club lost to Horsholm 79ers in five games.
Hesseldal signed with Liga Feminina de Basquetebol club Vitória S.C. for the 2018–2019 season where she went on to average 11.2 points and league leading 12.2 rebounds per game.
In September 2019, Hesseldal signed with Skallagrímur of the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild kvenna.
On 22 November she scored 32 points and grabbed 14 rebounds in a victory against Haukar.
Drinnan Peak
Drinnan Peak is a mountain summit located in the Valhalla Ranges of the Selkirk Mountains in southeast British Columbia, Canada.
It is situated on the southwestern border of Valhalla Provincial Park, southeast of Gregorio Peak, and west of Slocan and Slocan Lake.
The mountain is named for Bill Drinnan who trapped in the vicinity in the 1920s and 1930s.
"Drinnon Peak" was adopted in 1976 in association with Drinnon Lake.
To conform with the correct spelling of the family name, the spelling was changed to Drinnan Peak, and officially adopted February 3, 1986, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Drinnan Peak has a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains into Gwillim Creek and Hoder Creek, both tributaries of the Slocan River.
Its nearest higher peak is Mount Prestley, to the southeast.
The first ascent of the peak was made August 19, 1974, by Bob Dean, Janice Isaac, Kim Kratky, and Peter Wood.
2019–20 Southeastern Louisiana Lady Lions basketball team
The 2019–20 Southeastern Louisiana Lady Lions basketball team represents Southeastern Louisiana University during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.
The Lady Lions are led by third year head coach Ayla Guzzardo, and play their home games at the University Center as members of the Southland Conference.
The Lady Lions finished the season 9–20, 4–14 in Southland play to finish in a tie for last place.
They failed to qualify for the Southland Women's Tournament.
Sources:
Source
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition season
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Southland Conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Southland Conference regular season
2019–20 Southeastern Louisiana Lions basketball team
Creeper chickens
Creeper chickens are characterised by abnormally short legs, so short that the body is carried a few centimetres from the ground.
This chondrodystrophy is caused by a recessive lethal allele, "Cp".
A number of breeds display the characteristic, among them the Chabo and Jitokku breeds of Japan, the Courte-pattes of France, the Krüper of Germany, the Luttehøns of Denmark, and the Scots Dumpy.
The creeper gene "Cp" was described by Cutler 1925, and confirmed by Landauer and Dunn in 1930; the symbol "Cp" was assigned to it by Hutt in 1933.
It was shown to be present in the Chabo by Landauer in 1942, and in the Jitokko by Shibuya in 1972.
Ridouan Taghi
Ridouan Taghi (born 20 December 1977) is a Moroccan-Dutch criminal.
He is currently held at Nieuw Vosseveld for suspected involvement in at least ten murders related to organised crime, as well as for his involvement in drug trafficking and the leading of a criminal organisation.
Until his late 2019 arrest in Dubai, Taghi was the most wanted criminal in the Netherlands with a record-breaking reward of €100,000.
Taghi's suspected crimes include the murder of Redouan B.
(brother of crown witness Nabil B.)
and of Nabil B.
's lawyer, Derk Wiersum.
The latter was considered an attack on the Dutch legal system.
Taghi managed to evade capture by constantly altering his appearance and using false passports and visas.
He was arrested in Dubai on 16 December 2019.
As the Netherlands does not have an extradition treaty with Dubai, Taghi was deported three days after his arrest; based on him being declared as "persona non grata" by the emirate, as he had entered it under a false identity.
He is being held at Nieuw Vosseveld in Vught, waiting for his trial in 2020.
Winchell Trail
Winchell Trail is a pedestrian-only trail in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, that runs along the west side of the Mississippi River between Franklin Avenue South and East 44th Street.
Popular with bird watchers and naturalists, the rustic trail provides Upper Mississippi River gorge access and views.
The trail is separate from the adjacent multi-use/bike path, taking hikers past sandy beaches, an oak savanna restoration project, and the floodplain forest.
The trail has multiple access points and the section from East 38th Street to East 44th Street is paved.
Described as moderate and for all hiking skill levels, the out-and-back Winchell Trail has total elevation gain of 501 feet.
Winchell Trail has multiple access points from the West River Parkway Trail.
The northern trailhead is near Franklin Avenue South and West River Parkway.
The southern trailhead is near East 44th Street and West River Parkway.
There is also a signed entrance to the trail at East 36th Street with several paths down to the oak savanna site.
There are a few crescent-shaped parking lots long the trail route, two near East 36th Street and one near East 44th Street.
Many of the various access points have racks for bicycles, which are not permitted on Winchell Trail or other natural surface paths in the gorge.
Trail features from north to south:
The northern trailhead features a large boulder with a bronze tribute plague describing the scientific contributions of the trail’s namesake, Newton Horace Winchell.
The boulder was brought from the Mesabi Iron Range by Winchell's eldest son.
The plague on it reads:
"The Winchell Trail marked by this boulder brought from the Mesabi Iron Range, was named in honor of the eminent geologist Newton Horace Winchell whose scientific studies along this river provided a measure for the time since the glacial period.
His early appreciation of the economic importance of Minnesota's resources did much to preserve for the people some share in the state's mineral wealth."
Hajduk Spring in Minneapolis is a falling water source from the limestone bluff above the Mississippi River near East 26th Street.
Named after an area resident who promoted the spring, Harry Hajduk (pronounced “Hi-duck”), by the parks board in 1977, it was a popular drinking water source and featured access paths and a platform to fill jugs.
The original path to the spring off the main Winchell Trail has fallen into ruin.
Water quality experts do not consider the spring’s water to be drinkable because of the use of herbicides and fertilizers on nearby residential lawns.
The mesic oak savanna near the end of East 36th Street is a unique and sensitive landscape.
At this location, Winchell Trail splits off, taking hikers either down by the river while another path crosses the hilly restoration site with remnant prairie and oak savanna.
The scattered oak trees are spread out enough that there is no closed canopy, giving way to prairie grasses, forbs, and clover lawn.
Minneapolis Park and Recreation Board is considering enhancements, including closure of unsustainable trails, landscape restoration, and replacement of interpretive-educational signs.
The Dakota people have lived along the shores of the Upper Mississippi River for many centuries.
The contemporary route of Winchell Trail may have followed an original path created by Dakota people in the area.
Residents and visitors who hike the trail experience what a native oak savanna looked like prior to European-American settlement.
Minneapolis Parks Superintendent Theodore Wirth commissioned Winchell Trail.
It was constructed between 1912 and 1914, and later improved by the Works Progress Administration between 1936 and 1938, which included construction of several stone walls and staircases.
The trail is named after Newton Horace Winchell, a Minnesota state geologist who surveyed the area of Minneapolis in the 1870s and published many works about measurement of the glacial age.
The pathway was formally named "Winchell Trail" after his death in 1914.
Winchell was not involved in its design or construction.
Jurisdiction of Winchell Trail is complex and overlapping.
Running along the eastern edge of the greater Longfellow community of Minneapolis, the trail is part of the Mississippi National River and Recreation Area and Mississippi River Gorge Regional Park.
Minneapolis Park and Recreation Board is responsible for management and maintenance.
In 1998, the Longfellow neighborhood council, park board, and National Park Service formed a partnership to restore the native prairie and oak savanna at East 36th Street.
Since the early 2000s, there have been attempts by the city to clear woodlands along the bluff of invasive plant species such as buckthorn.
Several potential enhancements to Winchell Trail were under consideration in 2019 as part of longterm planning.
The park board may address inconsistent and worn railing/fencing, paved sections covered in soil and plant material, lack of natural surface trail alignment, and safety concerns.
There are a number of undefined, undesignated natural surface paths besides the Winchell Trail in the area, but these were created by park users and are not considered sustainable.
J. Charles Davey
J. Charles Davey (September 19, 1869 – November 4, 1935) was an American Catholic priest and Jesuit who became the President of Saint Joseph's College in Philadelphia.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, he was educated at St. Francis Xavier College in New York City, before entering the Society of Jesus and studying at Woodstock College in Maryland.
He then taught at what later became known as Brooklyn Preparatory School and at Saint Joseph's College, before being appointed president of Saint Joseph's in 1914.
He remained for three years, and then became the dean of Gonzaga College High School in Washington, D.C. for ten years.
He spent time at Saint Peter's College in New Jersey, before returning to Philadelphia, where he died.
J. Charles Davey was born on September 19, 1869 in the city of Brooklyn, in New York State.
He entered the Society of Jesus on September 7, 1893.
He studied at St. Francis Xavier College (later known as Xavier High School) in New York City, where he received a Bachelor of Arts in 1897 and a Master of Arts in 1906.
He then studied theology at Woodstock College in Maryland.
Davey taught Latin, Ancient Greek, and English at Saint Joseph's College in Philadelphia from 1901 to 1905.
In 1908, he was ordained a priest, and he became the first dean and the vice president of Brooklyn College (later known as Brooklyn Preparatory School).
He then spent a year at the Jesuit novitiate of St. Andrew-on-Hudson in Poughkeepsie, New York, before returning to St. Joseph's College as dean and vice president.
In 1912, he became the rector of the Church of the Gesú.
Davey was appointed the President of Saint Joseph's College in 1914, succeeding Charles W. Lyons.
He held this position until 1917, when he was succeeded by Redmond J. Walsh.
In 1918, Davey became dean of Gonzaga College High School in Washington, D.C., where he remained for ten years.
He was charged with planning the school's centennial celebration, and was moderator of the alumni association.
While there, he was the moderator of the Washington Catholic Truth Society and the Catholic Women's Literary Guild.
When Saint Joseph's College relocated to its present location, he served as subdeacon in the solemn high mass, which was celebrated by Cardinal Dennis Joseph Dougherty, the Archbishop of Philadelphia, that followed the formal opening of the school on November 13, 1927.
From 1928 to 1933, he served as the dean and treasurer of Saint Peter's College in Jersey City, New Jersey.
He then returning to Saint Joseph's College, where he performed pastoral work at Old St. Joseph's Church.
He was also a member of the Philadelphia Historical Society.
Davey died of pneumonia at St. Joseph's Hospital in Philadelphia on November 4, 1935.
IDB Bank
IDB Bank (IDB) is an American multinational private bank, commercial bank and financial services company headquartered in New York City with locations in the United States, Latin America and Israel.
It is chartered by the State of New York and a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
What is known today as IDB Bank first began in 1949 as a single representative office in New York City for Tel Aviv-based Discount Bank.
The office had just a few employees and limited contact with the public.
In 1961, New York State law changed to allow foreign banks to operate full branches.
IDB immediately began work on opening a full-service branch of its own.
On April 4, 1962, former First Lady of the United States Eleanor Roosevelt officiated the opening of IDB's first-ever branch at 511 Fifth Avenue in Midtown, Manhattan.
In 1968, IDB acquired HIAS Immigrant Bank, a New York State licensed bank located at 425 Lafayette Street in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan.
Established in 1923 as a service of the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, HIAS Immigrant Bank's sole purpose was to facilitate remittance or money transfers to and from immigrants’ families abroad, which was then a service not offered by most U.S. banks.
IDB announced it would operate the acquisition as Israel Discount Trust Company, a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
By 1980, IDB became a wholly owned subsidiary of Discount Bank as "Israel Discount Bank of New York" and later purchased the registered service mark "IDB Bank" to reflect its expansion into markets outside of New York and describe its service as a "bank".
From billionaire business tycoons to innovative entrepreneurs, some of IDB's notable banking clients include real estate developers Harry B. Macklowe and Francis J. Greenburger; angel investor David Tisch; John Catsimatidis, owner of Gristedes, the largest grocery chain in Manhattan; apparel maker Jordache and the Nakash family who founded it; and Howard Lorber, the President and CEO of Vector Group, a holding company that owns Douglas Elliman, one of the largest residential real estate firms in the United States, as well as the Pyramid, Liggett Select and Eve tobacco brands.
Though IDB's headquarters have long been located at 511 Fifth Avenue in Midtown, Manhattan, it will relocate just one block away to 43 West 42nd Street in 2021.
IDB will move into HBO's former headquarters in the W.R. Grace Building, where office furniture maker Humanscale and Italian spirits group Campari Americas are also headquartered.
Outside of New York, IDB has physical locations in New Jersey, Florida and California, as well as Chile, Uruguay and Israel.
Church of St. Théodule, Sion
The Church of St. Théodule (; ) is a Roman Catholic church located in Sion in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.
The church is located in the historic center of Sion, south from the Cathedral of Our Lady of Sion.
The first church on the site was built during the High Middle Ages on the ruins of a Roman bath.
The current building was built from 1514 to 1516 on the site of a former building.
The vault of the choir (before 1502 – finished in 1514), symbolic of the Flamboyant Gothic style, was made by a builder from Valsesia who was identified with , perhaps erroneously.
The nave was vaulted in 1644 by Adrien III of Reidmatten.
The church was renovated in 1960-64.
The church was listed among the .
The church has a single nave and a polygonal choir.
The buttresses which support the nave have niches and canopies for statues, though most have been removed.
A small stair tower is built into the southern wall on the western end of the church.
Groenplaats
The Groenplaats (Green Square) is in the center of the Belgian city of Antwerp.
There are various trees with benches on the square, which is a 'resting place'.
A statue of Rubens, designed in 1840 and erected in 1843 by Willem Geefs, is in the center of the square.
At least since the 13th century, the south side of the Cathedral of Our Lady served as an Antwerp cemetery, for the poorer residents who could not afford to be buried in the church itself.
In 1784, Emperor Joseph II forbade further usage of cemeteries within the city walls.
In 1795, the grounds of the Cathedral, were claimed by the French.
A few years later, in 1799, the walls around it were demolished.
Construction of the Place de l’égalité (Equality Square) began in 1803.
The houses located in the area were demolished and three rows of lime trees were planted.
In 1805 it was solemnly inaugurated as Place Bonaparte (Bonaparte Square) in honor of Napoleon, and retained that name until 1815.
It was the intention of the French revolutionaries to place a memorial in the center of the square in honor of Freedom.
In 1797, during the disputes between the church and the municipal administration about the expropriation of the cemetery, the municipal officer François Roché was murdered in the cathedral.
Between 1819 and 1877 the Court of First Instance resided in the south of the Cathedral grounds, a site currently situated by the Post Office.
In 1885, in the building in which the current Hilton hotel is located, Frenchman Adolphe Kileman started a department store, named the Grand Bazar du Bon Marché.
Robert Kirkland (curler)
Robert "Bobby" Kirkland is a Scottish curler.
He is a and three-time Scottisn men's champion.
Joe Wieskamp
Joe Wieskamp (born August 23, 1999) is an American college basketball player for the Iowa Hawkeyes of the Big Ten Conference.
In middle school, Wieskamp played football as a quarterback and was a talented baseball player.
He quit football after breaking his thumb and eventually decided to focus solely on basketball.
Wieskamp played basketball for Muscatine High School in his hometown of Muscatine, Iowa.
In his freshman season, he averaged 18.6 points per game, which made him the top scoring freshman in Iowa.
Wieskamp became the first freshman in Mississippi Athletic Conference (MAC) history to earn all-conference honors.
In his sophomore season, he averaged 21.6 points and 10 rebounds per game and was named first-team all-state.
As a junior, Wieskamp averaged 30.4 points and 10.2 rebounds per game and was recognized as MAC Player of the Year.
He became the first Iowa Class 4A player to average 30 points since Jeff Horner in 2002.
Wieskamp scored a school-record 50 points in a win over Burlington High School to become Muscatine's all-time leading scorer.
He was voted Iowa Gatorade Player of the Year.
As a senior, Wieskamp averaged a state-high 33.5 points and 13.5 rebounds per game, leading his team to its first state tournament in 16 years.
He repeated as Iowa Gatorade Player of the Year and was named Iowa Mr. Basketball.
Wieskamp left high school as the Iowa Class 4A career scoring leader, with 2,376 points.
Wieskamp committed to play college basketball for Iowa on June 9, 2015, before his sophomore year.
At the end of his high school career, he was considered a consensus four-star recruit and the best prospect in Iowa.
On January 20, 2019, Wieskamp went 8-for-8 from the floor and scored a season-high 24 points in a 95-71 win over Illinois.
Wieskamp had 19 points and five rebounds against Cincinnati in the NCAA tournament.
As a freshman he averaged 11.1 points and 4.9 rebounds per game, shooting 42.4 percent from beyond the arc.
He started all 35 games and was named to the Big Ten All-freshman team.
After the season he declared for the 2019 NBA draft but did not hire an agent.
Wieskamp ultimately decided to withdraw from the draft and return to Iowa.
Coming into his sophomore season, Wieskamp was named to the preseason All-Big Ten team and the watchlist for the Jerry West Award.
In his sophomore season opener, Wieskamp hyperextended his elbow and had a shooting slump to start the season.
On December 9, he had 23 points in a 72-52 win over Minnesota.
Wieskamp scored a career-high 26 points on January 10, 2020, in a 67-49 win over Maryland.
Lizhuang, Dangshan County
Lizhuang (李庄镇) is a village in Dangshan County, Anhui Province.
The village has a humid subtropical climate.
Local crops include corn and pomagranates.
A nearby coal mine offers only limited employment.
Hence many of Lizhuang's adults have migrated elsewhere for work, leaving a large number of left-behind children in the care of grandparents.
Traditional houses in the village are made from stone held together with a paste made from ashes.
Remittances from migrant workers have enabled some residents to construct homes with modern building materials such as bricks, roofing tile and cement.
Woman in the Garden
Woman in the Garden (French: "Femme au jardin") (or Jeanne-Marguerite Lecadre in the Garden) is a painting begun in 1866 by Claude Monet when he was a young man of 26.
The work was executed "en plein air" in oil on canvas with a relatively large size of 82 by 101 cm.
and currently belongs in the collection of the Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg, Russia.
The woman in the painting is Jeanne-Marguerite Lecadre, the young wife of his well-to-do cousin Paul-Eugene Lecadre.
The Lecadres lived at Le Havre and had a country house, Le Coteau, in nearby Sainte-Adresse, in whose garden the painting was made during a short visit.
X-ray analysis has revealed that it was actually painted over a previous picture.
The style of the painting is quite composed and detailed, unlike the typically impressionist works for which Monet was later acclaimed.
Three principal objects, Jeanne-Marguerite, the central flowering rose bush in the bed of bright red flowers and the flowering bush on the right provide an ordered structure and Jeanne-Marguerite's bright white dress contrasts vividly with the reds, pinks and greens of the garden plants and trees.
The subject matter foreshadowed Monet's lifelong passion for painting flowers and gardens in a natural setting.
Timothy J. Edens
Timothy J. Edens (born 23 December 1958), is a retired United States Army Brigadier General.
Mary Foy
Mary Foy may refer to:
Dorothy Looks for Love
Dorothy Looks for Love (French: Dorothée cherche l'amour) is a 1945 French drama film directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring Suzy Carrier, Claude Dauphin and Jules Berry.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Jean Douarinou.
Simbirsky Uyezd
Simbirsky Uyezd ("Симбирский уезд") was one of the subdivisions of the Simbirsk Governorate of the Russian Empire.
It was situated in the eastern part of the governorate.
Its administrative centre was Simbirsk ("Ulyanovsk").
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Simbirsky Uyezd had a population of 225,873.
Of these, 77.1% spoke Russian, 9.8% Tatar, 7.4% Chuvash, 4.9% Mordvin, 0.2% Estonian, 0.2% Polish, 0.1% Ukrainian, 0.1% Yiddish and 0.1% German as their native language.
Vampire Hookers
Vampire Hookers is a 1978 sexploitation horror film directed by Cirio H. Santiago and written by Howard R. Cohen.
An international co-production of the Philippines and the United States, the film stars John Carradine as a vampire named Richmond Reed, who recruits three female vampires who pose as prostitutes in order to lure victims to their lair.
The other members of the cast include Bruce Fairbairn, Trey Wilson, Karen Stride, Lenka Novak, and Katie Dolan.
"Vampire Hookers" is also known by a number of other titles, including Cemetery Girls, Night of the Bloodsuckers, Sensuous Vampires, and Twice Bitten.
The film has received mixed reviews from critics.
"Vampire Hookers" was filmed in Manila, Philippines in 16 mm.
Paula Mejia of "Newsweek" included "Vampire Hookers" on a list of ten "excellent cheesy horror movies", and wrote that "the one-liners are atrocious, as is the movie's cringeworthy theme song".
In his book "Vampire Films of the 1970s: Dracula to Blacula and Every Fang Between", writer Gary A. Smith also noted the film's use of one-liners, writing that they "seem positively brilliant when compared with the fart humor which abounds."
Smith wrote that the film "defines the term 'grindhouse cinema, and goes on to call it "poorly photographed in 16mm complete with the harsh lighting, post-synched dialogue and generally wretched performances so prevalent in '70s exploitation movies."
In September 2013, "Vampire Hookers" was released on DVD by Vinegar Syndrome as a double feature with the 1978 film "Death Force", which was also directed by Santiago.
In August 2018, Vinegar Syndrome released the film on Blu-ray as part of their "5 Films 5 Years Volume #4" set, a release which also contains four other films.
Oliver Szolnoki
Oliver Szolnoki (born 6 May 1997) is a Hungarian pool player.
A regular on the Euro Tour, Szolnoki reached the quarter-finals of the 2019 Veldhoven Open.
He reached a high ranking of 14th on the Tour in 2019.
Szolnoki won four medals at the World Pool Association world championship events, reaching the final of the under-16s eight-ball event in 2013, and the youth nine-ball event in 2019.
Bobby, It's Cold Outside
"Bobby, It's Cold Outside" is the 10th episode of the thirty-first season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 672nd episode overall.
It aired in the United States on Fox on December 15, 2019.
The episode was written by Jeff Westbrook & John Frink and was directed by Steven Dean Moore.
Five weeks before Christmas, Lenny orders his Christmas gift online.
Two days later UPS delivers it, but someone immediately steals it.
Working as a lighthouse keeper, Sideshow Bob is visited by Cassandra Patterson, a neighbor.
She tells him she mentioned him in town, and Bob knows he let his guard down around her when two men come visiting, but they offer him a job at the Springfield Mall as Santa Claus.
Meanwhile, more people are getting robbed of their delivered gifts.
The Simpsons visit Santa's village.
Bart skips the line to see Santa, and realizes who he really is.
Bob tries to strangle him, but he can't because he refuses to break character.
When a plan to trick the robbers with gunpowder fails for Lenny, Lenny writes 'SB' with his blood.
When the news is reported, Homer calls the cops to reveal that SB means Selma Bouvier and she is arrested, freeing the recently-held suspects Scott Bakula, Steve Ballmer, and Sandra Bullock.
Bart still suspects Bob, who agrees to help Bart find the culprit by concealing himself in a box which is placed on the porch.
The thief arrives and the family follows the van to a hangar, finding out Waylon Smithers and Mr. Burns were the culprits.
Lisa suggests Burns did it because he's depressed.
Mr. Burns tells the story of how as a child he was heartbroken one Christmas, when he asked Santa for just a hug and a smile from his parents and they never delivered, sending him to boarding school instead.
Bob as Santa convinces Burns that his harsh upbringing made him the success he is today.
Burns and Smithers then return the presents.
On Christmas Day, Homer and Marge snuggle together just before the kids open the presents, and they go to the basement to enjoy some time together, just after Grampa takes a picture to bless everyone with "Merry Christmas from the Simpsons!
".
Back at the lighthouse, Cassandra brings Bob a Christmas present, a rake, and tells Bob that she knows who he is.
She tells Bob that she wants him to kiss her before the two of them start singing their version of "Baby, It's Cold Outside" together.
She and Bob then sign a "Snuggle Contract" saying that both of them knew what they were getting into, just after Captain Horatio McCallister crashes into a rock because the lighthouse light wasn't lit.
At the Springfield International Airport, Ballmer meets Mr. Burns.
Burns asks him how he could be so positive about everything and asked if he could teach him how to do it.
Ballmer then gives Burns a pep talk.
When Burns tries to copy his motions, he hurts himself and has to be taken away in an ambulance, with Steve Ballmer going with him.
Dennis Perkins of "The A.V.
Club" gave this episode a C, stating "'Bobby, It's Cold Outside,' (title referring to one aforementioned credits filler gag) at least sees everyone's favorite ineffective psycho would-be murderer back in town for the holidays.
Of all the recurring, non-cast characters, Bob's the one most likely to brighten up my day/any episode, simply due to Kelsey Grammer's obvious joy in the villainous role.
(Plus, they always let him sing—put 'Carol Of The Bells' on your Sideshow Bob mix CD.)
The never-to-end saga of Robert Underdunk Terwilliger's bloodlust for the blood of one Bart Simpson stretches all the way back to The Simpsons' 12th-ever episode, and he's been swinging and whiffing hard for some 29 years at this point.
Like most recurring characters and bits, Bob's appearances have waxed and waned in comic effectiveness, but, hey, always nice to have Grammer in the house, once more essaying his second-most(?)
famous role."
Tony Sokol of "Den of Geek" gave this episode three and a half stars out of five and said "is a double-stuffed bag for the chimney.
It is their annual Christmas episode, and these halls are decked.
The episode features evergreen favorite recurring villain Sideshow Bob, who trims his tree with ornaments of bleeding Barts.
And it bottoms out with our Springfield's favorite Grinch."
Soar, Llwydcoed
Soar, Llwydcoed was a Baptist Chapel in Kingsbury Place, Llwydcoed, Aberdare, Glamorgan, Wales.
Services at Soar were held in the Welsh language.
Soar was a branch of Heolyfelin, a neighbouring Baptist chapel.
The first services were held in houses in the locality until the first chapel building was erected in 1859 with seating for 380 people.
Like many Baptist chapels in the locality, Thomas Price was involved in its formation and preached at the opening services.
Daniel Jones was the first minister from 1876 until 1898.
He was succeeded by D.G.
Price (1900–07), Vaughan Pugh (1907-20) and Christmas Jones (1938–54).
D. Meredith Morgan was the last minister.
The chapel closed in the early 1980s.s
Moskalyev SAM-6
The Moskalyev SAM-6 was an experimental design intended to test the suitability of monowheel undercarriages, lighter than conventional gear, on tailless aircraft.
The wooden SAM-6 had a conventional tail on its short fuselage but its low wing had, in addition, Scheibe-type, oval wingtip fins and rudders.
Sprung skids on their underside provided the lateral stability that its central undercarriage did not.
It was powered by a , three cylinder M-23 radial engine mounted in the pointed nose of its deep fuselage and had a single seat, open cockpit.
For its first flight, made in early 1934, the SAM-6 had a long, non-retracting central ski rather than a wheel, and tail ski rather than a skid, both mounted on vertical shock-absorbing struts.
The trials were reasonably successful and the main ski was replaced by a wheel in a trouser fairing.
No reports from tests with this landing gear are known but by late 1934 the SAM-6 had been modified into the more conventional SAM-6bis, which had two fixed, trousered mainwheels.
It also had a second, tandem seat in an enclosed, instrumented cockpit.
The Different Being
The Different Being () is a 2017 Italian horror-suspense short film, written, directed and edited by Rosario Brucato.
The film deals with the theme of diversity in a social context that does not accept the physical malformations of the human being and that, therefore, trigger serious mental illnesses in the subjects who are affected, negatively affecting the social sphere.
The film was distributed by Prime Video.
Richard Blanz with social problems finds comfort only from the mother who urges him not to close in the house and above all not to get caught.
The psychiatrist Fergurson diagnoses a social problem more than psychological.
In Richard, with age advancing, he hates all those who mock him and acts violently with a girl who is deformed, talking to her friend hinting at the hunchback.
It's Richard who is secluded in a bushy corner and hears them.
Richard follows them when he finds the identity card of the young man who laughed at him.
He goes to his home where he can enter while the victim reads a book on the bed.
The girl smiles in the stairs and goes down to the kitchen to close the door with the key.
Richard is already at home and is staging him...
The film was shot at zero budget and has received various nominations and victories at various international festivals, mainly in Los Angeles and Hollywood
2005 The National
2005 The National was held November 2–6, 2005, at the Port Hawkesbury Civic Centre in Port Hawkesbury, Nova Scotia.
The total purse of the event was $100,000.
It was the first (men's) Grand Slam event of the 2005-06 curling season.
Ontario's Wayne Middaugh rink defeated Saskatchewan's Pat Simmons team.
It was Middaugh's third outright victory in four tournaments up to that point in the season.
Middaugh's win gave him a career Grand Slam, and his team took home $28,000 for the win.
Team Simmons took home $16,000, with semifinalists Randy Ferbey of Edmonton and Ontario's Glenn Howard winning $12,000 each.
The semifinals and finals were broadcast on Sportsnet.
The teams were as follows:
The event was a triple knock out.
The scores for the playoffs were as follows.
Konovalchuk
Konovalchuk or Konowalchuk is a Ukrainian-language surname derived from the occupation of "konoval" [ ], an archaic term for "veterinarian", literally meaning "descendant of "konoval"".
Notable people with this surname include:
Leinier Savon Pineda
Leinier Savón Pineda (born 21 March 1989) is a Cuban visually impaired sprinter.
He made his international debut in 2014 and earned two gold medals in the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
He is the cousin of heavyweight boxer Félix Savón.
Savon Pineda was born visually impaired but was unable to be officially diagnosed until he was more than a year old.
During the wait, his mother enrolled him in a sports area but was unable to enter the School of Sports Initiation due to his height.
As well, after finishing high school he was unable to enlist due to his visual impairment.
Savon Pineda joined the Cuban national team in 2012, with whom he won the men's 100m and 200m T12 at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships and the men’s 100m and 200m T12 at the 2015 Parapan American Games.
He also set a new Americas record during the Championships with a time of 22.14.
Following the Championship, Savon Pineda qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics, where he won two more gold medals in the men’s 100m T1 and 200m T12.
The following year, Savon Pineda took home another gold medal in the Men's 100m T12 at the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships.
Savon Pineda is the cousin of heavyweight boxer Félix Savón.
2019–20 Central Arkansas Sugar Bears basketball team
The 2019–20 Central Arkansas Sugar Bears basketball team represents the University of Central Arkansas during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.
The Sugar Bears are led by eighth year head coach Sandra Rushing and play their home games at the Farris Center.
They are members of the Southland Conference.
Sources:
Sources:
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular Schedule
!colspan=9 style=| Southland Conference Schedule
2019–20 Central Arkansas Bears basketball team
Prishtina Book Fair
The Prishtina Book Fair is an annual book fair held in the Prishtina, capital of Kosovo.
The event is traditional organization and the participation of Kosovo's publishers with common stand at the fair on the world renowned - Frankfurt Book Fair.
So far, there, at the Palace of Youth and Sports have been organized book fairs, every year.
The first book fair took place on 17 to 22 November 1999 but others were organized during May and/or June.
The number of participants is about 100 publishers, mostly from Kosovo, Albania, North Macedonia, Montenegro, Diaspora, etc.
There is a fairly high number of books that are published mainly from Kosovan, Albanian, Macedonian and Montenegrins publishers and some foreign publishers (German, French, English etc.).
The Book Fair in Prishtina is one of the most significant events in Kosovo, and it is an important place where intellectuals and all other people promote the idea and the need on developing and affirming genuine values, as well as sound debates regarding books and writings.
Samir Ćeremida
Samir Ćeremida (born 6 November 1964) is a Bosnian guitarist who is a member of Bosnian pop rock band Plavi orkestar.
His twin brother Admir is a drummer in the same band.
Formerly, he was a member of a Bosnian garage rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje.
Ćeremida was born and raised in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina.
At the age of six, he started to play guitar.
In the early 1980s, he performed with several local bands, such as Linija života, Posljednji autobus, and Elvis J. Kurtović & His Meteors.
After that, he got an offer to play for Zabranjeno Pušenje and stayed there for a year.
In January 1983, they played at the Faculty of Philosophy in Sarajevo together with Plavi orkestar and the Elvis J. Kurtović & His Meteors.
Three months before the compulsory military service, he left Zabranjeno Pušenje and joined Plavi orkestar.
He served his military service in Niš, SR Serbia.
After the military, he enrolled at the Faculty of Medicine in Sarajevo.
With the Plavi orkestar, Ćeremida has performed on all band's studio albums, including "Soldatski bal" (1985), "Smrt fašizmu" (1986), "Sunce na prozoru" (1989), "Simpatija" (1991), "Long Play" (1998), "Infinity" (1999), and "Sedam" (2012).
In 1996, Ćeremida accompanied Sejo Sexon and Elvis J. Kurtović, with whom he restarted band Zabranjeno Pušenje, disbanded in the early 1990s.
He performed on their fifth studio album, "Fildžan viška", which was released in 1997.
Ćeramida and his twin brother Admir own the Havana Music Club in the Sarajevo downtown.
Plavi orkestar
Zabranjeno pušenje
Overdream
Charles R. Gay
Charles Richard Gay (September 14, 1875 – March 23, 1946) was an American banker who served as president of the New York Stock Exchange.
Gay was born in Brooklyn on September 14, 1875.
He was a son of Charles Abram Gay and Anna Mitchell (née Campbell) Gay.
His younger brother was Robert Malcolm Gay, a prominent English professor.
He was educated at Brooklyn Public School 35 before attending Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute (today part of the New York University Tandon School of Engineering).
After "engaging in the fire insurance, banking and wholesale coal businesses," he purchased his seat and became a member of the New York Stock Exchange in 1911, four years later forming the firm of Gay & Goepel.
In 1919, he merged his firm (then known as Charles R. Gay & Co.) with Whitehouse & Co., was reportedly the oldest firm on the Exchange.
In 1935, when he was senior partner at Whitehouse & Co. (with offices on the 20th floor of 1 Wall Street), he was elected president of the Exchange, succeeding Richard Whitney.
Gay served three terms as president, retiring in May 1938.
He was president during a trying time for the Exchange and financial markets and often traveled to Washington, D.C. to meet with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to participate with Senate inquiries.
After his tenure as president of the Exchange, he became the head of Winthrop, Whitehouse & Co., a longtime securities firm established in 1828.
At the time of his death, he was serving on the board of directors of the Dime Savings Bank.
In 1898, he married Jennie Campbell Bowdish, a daughter of the Rev.
Wellesley Wellington Bowdish and Jennie Elizabeth (née Campbell) Bowdish.
They lived at 440 East 19th Street in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn.
Together, Jennie and Charles were the parents of one son:
He was a trustee of the Brooklyn Methodist Hospital and St. Mark's Methodist Episcopal Church of Brooklyn and a member of the board of Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, the Flatbush Boys Club and the Y.M.C.A.
He died at the Methodist Hospital in Brooklyn on March 23, 1946.
A memorial was held for Gay at Trinity Church in Manhattan.
Bob Magie Jr.
Robert H. "Bob" Magie Jr. is an American curler.
He is a and a 1964 United States men's champion.
Joan Latchman
Joan L. Latchman is a seismologist from Trinidad and Tobago who was the first woman to lead the University of the West Indies Seismic Research Centre.
She was awarded the 2019 Caribbean Disaster Emergency Management Agency Council Award.
Latchman was born in Trinidad and Tobago.
In 1972, shortly after completing her A-Levels, Latchman joined the University of the West Indies (UWI) Seismic Research Centre as a technician.
In 1977 she started a part-time undergraduate degree in natural sciences.
She worked on the La Soufrière volcanic eruption with Keith Rowley in 1979 and worked at the Montserrat Volcano Observatory.
In 1982, after an earthquake swarm that occurred in the vicinity of Tobago, Latchman became interested in seismicity.
She worked with Frank Dale Morgan, a visiting academic from Massachusetts Institute of Technology who was working at the Seismic Research Centre.
Her early work considered the development of simple microprocessors that could convert the acoustic recordings of seismic events into digital signals that can be analysed on a computer.
Latchman was selected to take part in the International Seismological Centre in 1988 and spent two years analysing global seismicity.
She started a master's research project into the fault system of Tobago, and earned her degree in 1998.
She joined the academic staff at the UWI in 1999 whilst working toward a doctorate in the "Tobago and Earthquakes".
She was eventually promoted to Director of the University of the West Indies Seismic Research Centre.
She was responsible for the collection of seismic data from fifty stations throughout the Eastern Caribbean.
She has made efforts to communicate and better prepare people for seismic hazards in the West Indies.
Latchman called for local governments to include earthquake preparation in their policy work, including considering their infrastructure, medical equipment preparation and enforcement of building codes.
Latchman retired from the UWI Seismic Research Centre in 2019.
She was visited by Keith Rowley, her former colleague and now Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago.
In 2019 Latchman was awarded the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Management Agency Council Award.
Alongside her research, Latchman is commmited to public engagement and outreach.
She has been involved in a photographic exhibition that explored the volcanic activity of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
She routimely provided information about seismic activity to local and national newspapers.
Her publications include;
Mother Goose (horse)
Mother Goose (foaled 1922 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was named the American Co-Champion Two-Year-Old Filly of 1924.
From the 128 runnings of the Belmont Futurity Stakes since its inception in 1888, through 2019 Mother Goose is one of only thirteen fillies to have ever won the event.
The Mother Goose Stakes at New York's Belmont Park is named in her honor.
A Harry Whitney homebred, Mother Goose was a full brother to Whichone, himself an American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt who also won the Belmont Futurity in 1929.
Their sire was Chicle who was bred and foaled in France by their American owner due to the complete shutdown of horseracing in 1911 and 1912 in the State of New York as a result of the Legislature's passage of the Hart-Agnew Law.
Brought to the United States by owner/breeder Harry Whitney, Chicle would become the Leading sire in North America in 1929 and the Leading broodmare sire in North America in 1942.
Chicle was the son of Spearmint, winner of the Epsom Derby in England and the Grand Prix de Paris in France, both races the then most prestigious in their country.
Spearmint became an outstanding sire whose progeny included Johren, Plucky Liege Royal Lancer, Spion Kop.
Jockey Danny Maher, U. S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee and twice the British flat racing Champion Jockey was quoted as saying that Spearmint was the best horse he ever rode.
Spearmint's sire Carbine was a New Zealand Racing Hall of Fame and Australian Racing Hall of Fame inductee.
Chicle won the 1915 Champagne Stakes in fast time beating a field of six other runners including Friar Rock who in 1916 would be named American Horse of the Year.
Chicle beat Friar Rock again in the 1916 Brooklyn Derby.
The dam of Mother Goose, and Whichone, was the unraced Flying Witch.
She was a daughter of the three time Leading sire and U.S.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Broomstick who in turn was sired by Ben Brush, twice a U.S. National Champion runner and Leading Sire as well as a U.S.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee.
Several times during 1924 Mother Goose would go head-to-head with her very good stablemate Maud Muller, a filly who was also bred and owned by Harry Whitney.
Trained by Fred Hopkins, the two fillies would share American Co-Champion Two-Year-Old Filly honors.
Mother Goose got her first career win on April 24, 1924 in a four and a half furlong event for two-year-old maiden fillies at Havre de Grace Racetrack.
Ridden by Linus McAtee she won by two lengths, easily defeating six other runners while breaking the track record by two-fifths of a second.
At Jamaica Race Course, Mother Goose ran third in the May 13 Rosedale Stakes under future Hall of Fame jockey Ivan Parke.
A rarity in racing, the winner Maud Miller, runner-up Swinging, and third place finisher Mother Goose all had the same owner and trainer.
On May 25, Mother Goose earned first place money of $4,925 for winning the five furlong Fashion Stakes at Belmont Park under jockey Jimmy Burke beating stablemate Maud Muller by 1½ lengths in a field of seven.
At Aqueduct Racetrack Mother Goose ran second to stablemate Maud Muller in the July 4 Astoria Stakes run at five furlongs.
For the huge field of twenty-nine juveniles competing in the September 14 Belmont Futurity Stakes it would be the most important event of their year and a race with a winner's share 13 times what Mother Goose had earned for her win in the Fashion Stakes.
Run at a distance of 6 furlongs, jockey Linus McAtee positioned the filly well and as they came into the homestretch Mother Goose was running second to J. Edwin Griffith's good colt Single Foot, a very good colt who had already won several top stakes on Maryland racetracks.
Taking the lead, Mother Goose held off a strong charge from Marshall Field's Pimlico Futurity winner Stimulus to take the $65,730 first place money by a head.
From ten starts in 1924, Mother Goose ended her two-year-old campaign with a record of 3-1-3.
She had earnings of $72,755 which ranked second in the United States to Master Charlie.
On April 16 the "Daily Racing Form" reported that Mother Goose was being trained in Maryland for participation in the 1925 Kentucky Derby to be run May 16.
She was also nominated for the May 30 Kentucky Oaks, and for the Preakness Stakes which in 1925 would be run eight days prior to the Kentucky Derby.
Mother Goose did not run in any of these events and would end her career without racing as a three-year-old.
Mother Goose was sent to Whitney Farm near Lexington, Kentucky to stand as a broodmare.
While none of her progeny made an impact in racing, her daughter Arbitrator by Peace Chance was the dam of Almahmoud who was bred by Harry Whitney's son, Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney.
Almahmoud holds an important place in Thoroughbred breeding as the dam of both Cosmah and Natalma.
Cosmah was a top quality broodmare whose progeny includes Halo.
Natalma was the dam of legendary sire and sire of sires Northern Dancer.
1990 Davis Cup World Group Qualifying Round
The 1990 Davis Cup World Group Qualifying Round was held from 21 to 23 September.
They were the main play-offs of the 1990 Davis Cup.
The winners of the playoffs advanced to the 1991 Davis Cup World Group, and the losers were relegated to their respective Zonal Regions I.
Bold indicates team had qualified for the 1991 Davis Cup World Group.
"Date: 21–23 September"
The eight losing teams in the World Group first round ties and eight winners of the Zonal Group I final round ties competed in the World Group Qualifying Round for spots in the 1991 World Group.
Cinclidium
Cinclidium is the scientific name of two genera and may refer to:
Tangzhai, Dangshan County
Tangzhai Village of Tangzhai Town is a town and village in Dangshan County, Anhui Province, China, which is known for its apple and pear orchards, and for online marketing of its fruit.
1947 Tuskegee Golden Tigers football team
The 1947 Tuskegee Golden Tigers football team was an American football team that represented Tuskegee University as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) during the 1947 college football season.
In their 25th season under head coach Cleveland Abbott, Tuskegee compiled a 6–4–1 record (3–2–1 against conference opponents) and outscored all opponents by a total of 174 to 116.
The team played its home games at the Alumni Bowl in Tuskegee, Alabama.
Haitham Al-Khulaif
Haitham Al-Khulaif (; born 24 January 1997) is a Saudi Arabian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Saudi Second Division club Hajer.
Al-Khulaif is an academy graduate of Hajer.
He made his debut during the 2016–17 season and has been a starter ever since.
On 3 August 2018, Al-Khulaif signed a 3-year contract with Hajer keeping him at the club until 2021.
He was first called to the U23 national team in December 2018, during the Taif training camp.
1914 Romanian general election
General elections were held in the Kingdom of Romania between 18 and 28 May 1914.
According to the Constitution, the crown prince and eight bishops had the right to sit in the Senate.
Blue Moon (Child novel)
Blue Moon is a novel by British writer Lee Child.
This is the twenty-fourth book in the Jack Reacher series.
Delacorte Publisher initially released the book on 29 October 2019.
"Publishers Weekly" called it "riveting" and a "nail-biter".
"Kirkus Reviews" stated that the novel had "the best premise for a Reacher novel in some time" — and emphasized that this was an indicator that "something has gone off in the series", criticizing the exposition and Child's techniques for depicting violence.
The "Hindustan Times" found it to be not Child's best work, but nonetheless "engaging and diverting", and noted that its "sense of sameness" (compared to the other books in the series) was "comforting".
In the "Evening Standard", Mark Sanderson called it "morality pornography", with the action sequences being "operatic, almost comedic"; in particular, Sanderson faulted Abby the waitress for having "all the personality of a sexbot".
Hostage diplomacy
Hostage diplomacy, also hostage-diplomacy, is the taking of hostages for diplomatic purposes.
Hostage diplomacy is the taking of hostages for diplomatic purposes.
It is an asymmetric tool of diplomacy.
From 1967 to 1969 the PRC kept two dozen British diplomats and civilians as de facto hostages.
The British were able to effect the release of their personnel by decoupling the hostage situation from broader political and economic issues through protracted negotiation.
It is widely believed that China detained two Canadians in response to the arrest of Meng Wanzhou.
In 2019 Australian Yang Hengjun's detention was also linked to a renewed effort at hostage diplomacy in response to the arrest of Meng Wanzhou.
Prior to Hengjun's detention Australian government had sharply criticized the Chinese government for detaining the two Canadians.
Hostage diplomacy has been widely used by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The case of Andrew Brunson, an American pastor working in Turkey imprisoned in 2016, has been widely referred to as a case of diplomatic hostage taking.
Iran's government has used hostage diplomacy as a key diplomatic tool.
Hostages have included Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, Jolie King, Kylie Moore-Gilbert, Morad Tahbaz, Kamal Foroughi, Aras Amiri, Kameel Ahmady, and Anousheh Ashouri.
North Korea has made wide use of hostage diplomacy as a tool against the USA, South Korea, Japan, Malaysia and various European nations.
Those held hostage are often tourists or exchange students who are either charged with minor offenses or espionage.
In recent years it has been speculated that the regime of Kim Jong Un had evolved from using hostages to gain leverage to using hostages to gain leverage and as human shields to protect against a feared American intervention.
The case of Otto Warmbier, which ended in Warmbier’s death soon after his release, is a particularly well known example of North Korean hostage diplomacy.
David A. Welch
David Andrew Welch (born 22 August 1960) is University Research Chair and Professor of Political Science at the Balsillie School of International Affairs, University of Waterloo.
Previously he was also George Ignatieff Chair of Peace and Conflict Studies (2002-2007) and Dean's Distinguished Visiting Scholar, Endowed Chair Program in Japanese Politics and Global Affairs (2017-2018), University of Toronto; and CIGI Chair of Global Security, Balsillie School of International Affairs, University of Waterloo (2009-2018); and Director of the Balsillie School of International Affairs (2010-2013).
He is currently co-editor (with Toni Erskine and Stefano Guzzini) of the Cambridge University Press journal, "International Theory".
A Canadian political scientist specializing in International security, Foreign policy analysis, Political psychology, and International relations theory, Welch is author of two award-winning books—"Justice and the Genesis of War" (Cambridge University Press, 1993) and "Painful Choices: A Theory of Foreign Policy Change" (Princeton University Press, 2005), and coauthor with Joseph Nye of the widely used International Relations Textbook, "Understanding Global Cooperation and Conflict" (Pearson Longman, 2016), now in its tenth edition.
Welch is the recipient of numerous other awards and honors.
David A. Welch was born in 1960 in Ithaca, New York and moved to Ottawa, Ontario in 1971, where he attended Ashbury College.
He studied International Relations and Philosophy at Trinity College, University of Toronto from 1979 to 1983, winning the Governor-General's Medal for highest overall standing, Trinity College (1983), the Ambassador Kenneth Taylor Award for highest standing in International Relations, University of Toronto (1983), and the George Kennedy Award for highest standing in Philosophy, University of Toronto (1983).
Welch received his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1990, where he studied under Joseph Nye and Stanley Hoffmann.
While a pre-doctoral fellow at the Center for Science and International Affairs he was coordinator for the Project on Avoiding Nuclear War, directed by Graham Allison, Albert Carnesale, and Joseph Nye, and with James G. Blight pioneered the "critical oral history" of the Cuban missile crisis whose purpose was to understand the sources of nuclear danger during an acute international crisis.
This project resulted in a series of six conferences ultimately bringing together veterans from the John F. Kennedy administration and senior officials from both the Soviet Union and Cuba, two books, and the Errol Morris documentary, "The Fog of War", on the life and public service of former U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara, with whom Welch and Blight worked closely also on the critical oral history of the Vietnam War.
Welch subsequently conducted the first and only intensive studies of Argentine decision making in the Falklands War and Israeli decision making in the Gulf War.
His recent work primarily concerns current security challenges in East Asia.
Welch has taught at the University of Toronto from (1990 to 2009) and the Balsillie School of International Affairs, University of Waterloo (2009 to present).
Welch is producer of the documentary film "Virtual JFK: Vietnam if Kennedy had Lived", winner of the 2009 Mexico Film Festival's Golden Palm Award and nominated for "'Special Jury Prize'" and "'Best International Feature Documentary'" at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival 2008.
Welch is an avid wilderness traveler and bird photographer.
Hunter Woodhall
Hunter Woodhall (born on February 17, 1999) is an American Track and Field athlete.
He made his international debut in 2015 with a silver and bronze medal at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships, and later won a bronze and silver medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
After graduating from Syracuse High School, he became the first double amputee to earn an NCAA Division I scholarship.
Woodhall was born in Utah on February 17, 1999, with fibular hemimelia, which caused his parents to decide to amputate both his legs at 11 months old.
He was homeschooled until fifth grade and upon entering public school he was bullied for his disability.
Although he was originally given prosthetic legs, Woodhall switched to carbon fiber “blades” for running and joined a track team.
While attending Syracuse High School, Woodhall competed with the United States National Paralympic Team in international competitions.
He made his international debut in 2015 with a silver and bronze medal at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships.
By his senior year, Woodhall was ranked 20th across America in the 400m run with a time of 47.32 seconds.
He competed in the 2016 Summer Paralympics where he won a bronze medal in the men's 400 meter and a silver medal in the men's 200-meter.
As a result, Syracuse City’s Mayor, Terry Palmer deemed September 15 “Hunter Woodhall Day.” By the conclusion of his high school education, Woodhall was named 2016 Male High School Track Athlete of the Year.
Upon graduating, Woodhall became the first double-amputee track and field athlete to earn a Division I athletic scholarship, which he accepted at the University of Arkansas.
In his freshman year at the University of Arkansas, Woodhall competed in the SEC division alongside able-bodied runners.
He competed in six indoor meets, running 1:58.04 over 800 meters, and seven outdoor meets, running 47.42 over 400 meters.
His times earned him a bronze medal in the 4x400 at the SEC Outdoor Championships.
By the conclusion of the season, he was nominated for NCAA Game Changer of the Year and named a First-Team All-America in the 4x400 Relay and Distance Medley Relay.
Milton C. Lee
Milton C. Lee, Jr. is an Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
Lee earned his Bachelor of Arts from American University in 1982 and his Juris Doctor from Catholic University’s Columbus School of Law.
After graduating, he served as a staff attorney at the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia.
In 1993, Lee joined the faculty at David A. Clarke School of Law.
In November 1998, Lee was appointed as a magistrate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.
President Barack Obama nominated Lee on January 20, 2010, to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia to the seat vacated by Jerry Stewart Byrd.
On April 20, 2010, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on his nomination.
On April 28, 2010, the Committee reported his nomination favorably to the senate floor.
On June 22, 2010, the full Senate confirmed his nomination by voice vote.
Tirrell
Tirrell may refer to:
Lucinda L. Combs
Lucinda L. Combs-Stritmatter (October 10, 1849 – April 23, 1919) was an American physician who was the first female medical missionary to provide medical care in China and is credited with establishing the first women's hospital in what was then Peking (now Beijing).
Combs was a pioneer in women's medical care while serving the Women's Foreign Ministry Society's North China Mission for seven years.
Lucinda, known by her friends and family as "Lucy", was born on October 10, 1849 in Cazenovia, New York.
She is not known to have had any siblings.
Combs parents died leaving her orphaned at a young age.
It is unknown through which means specifically, but she supported and educated herself following the tragedy.
After converting to Christianity and committing her life to God, she became a teacher.
Lucinda learned about the Methodist Episcopal Church's work commissioned in India and felt called to that line of work herself.
She ultimately decided to further educate herself in order to be prepared for an appointment as a missionary in India.
Determined to pursue her education, Lucinda enrolled in the Cazenovia Seminary in Cazenovia, New York in 1866.
The Cazenovia Seminary, though not theological in its purpose, was a three-year program associated with the Methodist Episcopal Church.
After completing the program in 1869, Lucinda graduated top of her class with honors.
To finance her desire to attend medical school, Lucinda looked for domestic employment.
She soon found a wealthy family that was willing to employ her.
Combs managed to perform her domestic and academic responsibilities while attending medical school.
Lucinda enrolled at the Women's Medical College in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1870.
She drew the attention of the Methodist women in Philadelphia who helped her continue her studies.
Lucinda received her degree from the Women's Medical College on March 12, 1873 in Philadelphia.
Almost immediately upon receiving her medical degree, Combs was commissioned by the Women's Foreign Ministry Society (WFMS).
Although she intended to serve in India, she boarded a ship for Peking, China on June 5, 1873.
Among the other passengers on the ship was Andrew Stritmatter who had been commissioned to work in Kiukiang.
Stritmatter and Combs grew close during their voyage and the couple would ultimately marry in the coming years.
Combs departed from San Francisco, but her journey was delayed due to an unfortunate illness.
Her illness held her in Japan for several weeks before being well enough to continue travel.
She arrived in Peking in late August or early September, almost three months after her original departure and quickly began her work.
She is noted for being the first female medical missionary to provide medical care in China.
Although medical attention had arrived in Peking about ten years prior, through the London Missionary Society's appointment of William Lockhart, for the most part, medical services were not extended to women.
Sex segregation consequently restricted women from seeking medical care from men.
After writing a letter expressing her desire to open a hospital to serve native Chinese women, the Philadelphia branch of the WFMS congregated at the General Executive Committee meeting in May 1874.
During their meeting, they agreed to set aside a $2000 fund toward the establishment of a hospital for women and children in Peking.
The land on which the hospital and residence building would be built was procured in December 1874.
Previously inhabited by multiple households, it is unclear whether the residents evacuated on their own volition or if they were pressured off the land by the WFMS.
The first patient treated in the Peking Woman's Hospital was a Chinese woman who had fallen and sustained a foot injury.
After treating her, Combs recalled that the family was very grateful to her.
In the five months following its completion in November 1875, the hospital received 18 patients.
Founding the first women's hospital in China gave Combs a platform to advocate for medical training and education for women and for the improvement of sanitary and hygiene practiced in relevant medical facilities.
Although hesitant at first, the Chinese population in Peking soon came to appreciate the medical help provided by a female physician.
During the building of the hospital, Combs served the Chinese women in their homes while learning and mastering the language.
She made 198 home visits throughout her first year and treated 37 patients, some over several weeks.
In her first year, she prescribed for 314 cases.
In addition to providing medical care, Combs made an effort to preach the gospel to the women whom she served.
Her marriage to Andrew Strittmater led to her relocation to Kiukiang.
There, Combs took on the work of a physician and missionary, Miss Mason, who was leading the medical work in Kiukiang but had returned to the United States after becoming very ill. Combs treated countless patients in Kiukiang as well in addition to many cases in the outskirts of the city.
Combs's medical experience and skill helped ease the transition of leadership following Miss Mason's quick illness.
Combs met Andrew Stritmatter aboard a ship of missionaries that departed for China in 1873.
As her five-year contract with the WFMS came to a close, Combs and Stritmatter were married in Shanghai on November 19, 1877, by Bishop I. W. Wiley.
Soon after their marriage, the couple moved to the southern part of China to a place known as JiuJiang.
Although her marriage resulted in the end of her commission to the WFMS, Combs continued to practice medicine in her new location.
The couple had two sons named Edward and Albert, both born in China.
About two years after their relocation, Stritmatter contracted tuberculosis which led the couple to begin the journey back to the United States in October 1880.
The long journey resulted in Stritmatter's untimely death one month later in Denver, Colorado.
He died before arriving at his family home in Ohio.
Combs remained in Colorado following her husband's death to raise her two children and continue practicing medicine.
She never remarried.
After practicing medicine in Denver for six years, Combs moved to Columbus, Ohio to be close to her late husband's family and to spend the remainder of her days.
She died in her son's home on April 23, 1919 in Franklin County, Ohio at the age of 68 years old.
She was buried at Union Cemetery in Columbus, Ohio.
Three months prior to her marriage, Combs was joined at her mission station by Leonora King.
The pair of physicians worked alongside each other for three months before Combs relocated to Kiukiang with her husband.
King consequently took over her responsibilities as the primary physician at the Woman's hospital.
In 1879, Leonora King successfully treated the wife of Li Hongzhang, Viceroy of the province of Chih-li.
The connection between King and the powerful family of the Viceroy resulted in the funding and construction of a surgery unit and medical dispensary.
Combs published many works during her studies and throughout her medical career.
During her time at Women's Medical College of Pennsylvania, she published a 22-page handwritten thesis on the study of medical hysteria.
Additionally, she wrote several pieces for the Women's Missionary Methodist Episcopal Church monthly newspaper called "The Heathen Woman's Friend".
In this, Combs published three distinct works describing her life as a missionary titled: "A bright day at the Peking Hospital", "The Peking Hospital", and "A morning's visit at the Peking Hospital".
Dashow
Dashow is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
1991 British National Track Championships
The 1991 British National Track Championships were a series of track cycling competitions held from 26 July - 3 August 1991 at the Leicester Velodrome.
The Flagellation of Christ (Cimabue)
The Flagellation of Christ is a panel painting by 13th-century Italian artist Cimabue, in egg tempera and gold leaf on a poplar panel, dated to c.1280.
It has been held by the Frick Collection in New York since 1950, and is the only painting by Cimabue in the US.
The Frick Collection acquired the painting from the Knoedler gallery in Paris in 1950.
Previously, it had been owned by the antiques dealer M Rolla at the end of the 19th century, inherited by G Rolla, and then sold to the art dealer Eduardo Moratilla.
The painting depicts the flagellation of Christ, an episode in the Passion.
In the painting, Christ, naked but for a loincloth, is bound to a marble column that rises up the centre of the scene, dividing it into two halves.
He is being flogged by two figures, one to either side, in clothing of jarringly cheerful colours.
The anguished Christ regards the viewer calmly.
Tall city buildings in the background are depicted with Byzantine reverse perspective frame the scene.
The figure of Christ is heavily influenced by that in Cimabue's "Santa Croce Crucifix", whilst the torturers in bright clothing recall the Siennese school and the stylised background buildings the Roman school, the latter influence already taken on by Cimabue's workshop in the "Lives of the Apostles" in the Upper Basilica at Assisi.
The panel measures .
It is one of three panels known from the "Diptych of Devotion", a polyptych depicting the passion of Christ, which probably had two wings each with four panels, eight in all.
The physical condition of the paint at the edges of "Flagellation of Christ" panel indicate that it was at the lower-right corner of a larger composite work.
Two other scenes by Cimabue, painted on wood panels of similar size, have been identified as parts of the same polyptych: "Virgin and Child with Two Angels" in the collections of the National Gallery in London (discovered in Suffolk in 2000) and "Christ Mocked", discovered in France in 2019.
Attribution of the work has been problematic since it came to the attention of art historians in the 1950s.
It was initially attributed it to another Sienese artist Duccio, but others suggested Cimabue or his workshop.
The uncertainty was resolved after the discovery and attribution of the similarly-size "Virgin and Child with Two Angels", definitively attributed to Cimabue, which led to a reattribution of the "Flagellation of Christ" from Duccio to Cimabue.
The two panels were exhibited together in Pisa and London in 2005, and at the Frick Collection in 2006.
A third panel, "Christ Mocked", was found in France in 2019, and auctioned for €24 million.
Grace Summerhayes
Grace Maria Linton Summerhayes MacRae (1894-1993) was a British obstetrician/gynaeocologist who worked in Africa.
Summerhayes had her first experience of medicine as an orderly at the Scottish Women's Hospital at Royaumont in 1917 during World War I.
This hospital, with entirely female doctors and other staff, worked close to the front line and was at one point overrun by fighting.
Summerhayes subsequently trained in medicine, tropical medicine and obstetrics.
Summerhayes set up the first maternity hospital in Ghana, at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, Accra, in 1928.
This was one of the first to provide midwife and later obstetric training in Africa and was very influential in the development of midwife and obstetric services in Ghana and wider West Africa.
At Korle-Bu she trained the country's first midwives, who subsequently went on to develop the profession in Ghana with Isabella Eyo, Adelaide Mallet, Comfort Addo, Grace Koi and Sarah Okine, then trained as nurses.
She also undertook research into causes of anaemia in pregnancy.
Summerhayes subsequently married the lead surgeon in Korle-Bu, Alexander MacRae, and due to the colonial regulations at the time as a married woman had to resign her post.
She and MacRae returned to England, and she resumed medical practice.
Summerhayes was a public health advocate and active in local politics until her 90s.
2019–20 New Orleans Privateers women's basketball team
The 2019–20 New Orleans Privateers women's basketball team represents the University of New Orleans during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.
The Privateers are led by ninth year head coach Keeshawn Davenport and play their home games at the Lakefront Arena.
They are members of the Southland Conference.
Sources:
Sources:
!colspan=9 style=";"| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=";"| Southland regular season
!colspan=9 style=";"| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=";"| Southland regular season
2019–20 New Orleans Privateers men's basketball team
William Frater
William Frater O.B.E.
(1890–1974) was a Scottish-born Australian stained-glass designer and modernist painter who challenged conservative tastes in Australian art.
William Frater was born on 31 January 1890 at Ochiltree Castle, near Linlithgow in West Lothian in Scotland.
His father was forester William Frater (1863-1893) and mother Sarah Boyd (née Manson) a farm servant (1857-1900).
After his father died from typhoid, and his mother from gastroenteritis, Frater and his three siblings were brought up by his paternal grandmother Ann and uncle Andrew who lived in neighbouring houses at West Ochiltree Farm.
Frater gained his Merit Certificate at Bridgend School, Auldhill Road, West Lothian in 1903, and attended Kingscavil Public School in 1904, then studied art at the Linlithgow Academy in 1905 before taking up a three-year apprenticeship in 1905 in the Oscar Paterson glass studio in Glasgow.
Frater won the Glasgow School of Art Haldane Scholarship for drawing in 1906 and studied in the craft and stained glass workshops.
However his uncle, fearing a penniless future for his nephew, prevented his entry into the final year to take painting, and Frater left the school 1909, migrating on the liner "Norseman" to Melbourne in September 1910 with brother Tom, who continued n to Sydney.
His application to the National Gallery School of Art was rejected by Bernard Hall (1859–1935), and instead he found employment as overseer of stained-glass design at Brooks, Robinson & Co. Ltd on a five-year contract.
He enrolled in the Victorian Artists' Society life class but his behaviour had him ejected.
Affronted, he impulsively returned to Britain on the "Orama" in May 1912 after only five months, and completed his training at Glasgow in the senior painting classes at the School of Art under Greiffenhagen and Anning Bell.
In July 1913 he returned to Melbourne and in 1915 married tailor Winifred (Winnie) Dow (1888-1974), who had modelled for him before his return to Scotland, and they took up residence in Alphington.
They had six children; a stillborn female (1915); Arthur, a manufacturer (1916-1998); John, a carpenter/builder (1920-2004); Barbara Dare, an actor and office worker (1924-2000); and twins, musician William (Bill) (1931-2009) and scientist Robin (1931-2014).
Like other red-headed Scots, Frater was nicknamed 'Jock' in his adopted country.
Frater resumed his earlier position with Brooks, Robinson, then was employed by E. L. Yencken & Co. Pty Ltd to design the west window of Wesley Church, Lonsdale Street, Melbourne, which he regarded as his most significant design, and other commissions including windows of Kyabram Wesley Evangelical Methodist Church, St Stephen's Angligan Heritage Church, Wynyard, Tasmana and Birregurra Christ Church.
Frater attempted to introduce his Glasgow Arts & Crafts training into his renditions of "The Light of the World" in the 1930s in glass at Holy Trinity Anglican, Oakleigh and St. Andrew’s Presbyterian, Mansfield, but was confined by commercial considerations, so that while recognisable as The Light of the World, they lacked the symbolism of Hunt's painting of the subject and the Arts & Crafts ethos.
At Yencken he mentored teenage apprentice Alan Sumner for fifteen years, encouraging his painting ambitions, and made a lifelong friend in Arnold Shore, also a stained-glass designer, and they continued to paint and exhibit in their spare time.
Between 1915 and 1920 Frater simplified his composition and design, based on his stained glass experience.
For a time in his earlier painting interest in the classical seventeenth century painters interacted with his adoption of the analytical tonalism of Max Meldrum in figure and portrait paintings including "The artist's wife reading" (1915) and "Portrait of artist's wife" (1919).
In a 1961 interview with Hazel de Berg, Frater recorded his interactions with Meldrum:
Anyhow, I arrived back here...some months before the 1914 war broke out.
Max Meldrum had come back here meanwhile, he had been abroad many years in France, and we had terrific arguments.
Max would have nothing later than Manet, and the Impressionists he was not at all interested in.
Really I think it was through my arguing and discussing with Max that was the beginning of what they called modern art here.
Max was so dogmatic...and his conception of tone was just black and white really, and this idea of tone as colour, later in the early twenties, when I became aware of Cézanne, tone became not just light and shade, but tone values had colour values as well, so that was the great discovery, really, that I personally made...
He experimented with Cézannesque modernist colour over the next decade, during which he led and taught a group of Australian modernists, making trips to the countryside outside Melbourne on weekends to paint in the "plein air" tradition of the Barbizon school.
With associates Horace Brandt, Pat Harford and Isabel Tweddle, they constituted a post-Impressionist school of painting in Melbourne.
His first solo exhibition was at the Athenaeum, Melbourne in May 1923, and he exhibited there with the Twenty Melbourne Painters from the late 1920s, and the Contemporary Group of Melbourne in the 1930s.
In a lecture he publicly challenged the anti-modernist stance that National Gallery School director Bernard Hall had expressed in his previous lecture.
Frater was characterised in a 1933 "Art in Australia" article as a stereotypical Scot;
...dogged and tenacious, strong in pride of race, reliant and confident in self, a hard man to talk down and a hard man to shake in his beliefs, which change and mature slowly.
A dogmatic man, if you like, but a purposeful one and, like Cézanne whom he acclaims, a rugged type with a scorn of frills and unmasculine prettiness—all of which may be discovered in his work.
In 1936 Frater visited a flat in South Yarra owned by well-to-do Lina Bryans (née Hallenstein in Germany) to advise her on stained-glass windows, and painted her portrait.
With his help and encouragement she decided to become an artist, producing her first works early in 1937, from which Basil Burdett (1897–1942) selected her "Backyards, South Yarra" for the 'Herald Exhibition of Outstanding Pictures of 1937.'
One of Frater's best known works is "The Red Hat", a portrait of Bryans dating from that year.
She, using her inheritance, purchased Ambrose Hallen's former hotel-cum-studio at 899 Heidelberg Road, Darebin in which Ada May Plante had been living, and with her painted and decorated it distinctively, naming it "The Pink Hotel".
Over the next decade Frater and she lived and painted there together after his separation from Winifred.
The artists' colony included Plante, Hallen, Ian Fairweather, Arnold Shore and other artists, and attracted a group of writers associated with the journal Meanjin.
Part of their circle were Nina and Clem Christesen whose 'Stanhope' in Eltham they frequented.
Bryans sold the Darebin property in 1948, moving to Harkaway, near Berwick, then overseas in 1953.
In accordance with government war directives, the Yencken firm closed down the his department in 1940 and Frater retired from stained-glass designing and, subsisting on his teaching, devoted himself to landscapes.
He regarded a "certain strangeness", in his art in response to The Australian landscape as an essential attribute of great art.
He exhibited at the Contemporary Art Society, and in solo shows at Georges Gallery, Melbourne, and the Macquarie Galleries, Sydney, in 1946, expanding his subject matter with visits sponsored by the airline TAA to Central Australia in 1950 and Port Douglas in 1952.
From 1959–1964 Frater was a painting tutor at Melbourne Technical College.
He exhibited at Australian Galleries, Melbourne in 1958 and the Victorian Artists' Society in 1963, from which date he became president of the Society until 1972, exhibiting annually with them.
Its main exhibition space was named Frater Gallery.
In 1967, in the midst of the Vietnam War Frater joined in solidarity a controversial pacifist exhibition of the Victorian Branch of the Contemporary Art Society at Melbourne's Argus Gallery, traveling to Adelaide under the aegis of the South Australian Campaign for Peace in Vietnam.
Frater was given a retrospective at the National Gallery of Victoria in 1966 and a final exhibition in July 1973.
His work is represented in galleries and private collections throughout Australia as well as the Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum, Glasgow.
Frater was not well known outside Victoria and his support and application of modernist principles in his art met often with uninterest or derision from Australia's mid-century conservative audiences.
During the painter's period of adherence to tonalism, the reviewer of a 1919 Atheneum showing of the Twenty Melbourne Painters group picked out Frater as "a gloomy enemy of light and gaiety who reports the weather with a stain on its character."
"The Bulletin" of 29 May 1957 briefly reviewed the Victorian Artists’ Society’s autumn show incorporating the E. T. Cato £100 art prize and was dismissive of "William Frater’s "Landscape", a simple and somewhat unsubstantial view of gumtrees which possibly owes something to Cezanne," which "cantered home in the oils division.".
By contrast, Geoffrey Dutton in the new year, was more favourably disposed toward Frater's entry in Adelaide's John Martin's department store Christmas show, praising his "two fine landscapes of rolling pinks and reds."
However by 1963 Frater’s modernism, by comparison with the emerging painterly abstractionists, was assessed by critic Bill Hannan as beginning to be outmoded:
William Frater is an earlier pioneer, of modern rather than contemporary art.
Cezanne still stalks through his painting as he did through most of Frater’s and Bell’s contemporaries.
It is interesting to see how well this can stand up to very changed sensibilities.
To go, say, from Olsen to Frater is to return substantially to an illusion of the visible world, despite the fact that Frater’s ideas are leagues away from naturalism.
Distances shrink very rapidly in time.
This is a huge exhibition, and the best of it is very attractive, especially the large airy landscapes and the nudes.
One of the most striking qualities of the painting is its spaciousness, largely effected by sure handling of light and sun-washed color.
Massively and simply composed, many of the paintings have an apparent breadth much greater than their real size.Frater's work was flown to Papua New Guinea for an exhibition in 1973 that was intended to reveal the influence of the country's indigenous art on modernist painters.
In a 1979 interview with James Gleeson, Albert Tucker confesses that when he "heard about people like George Bell and Jock Frater and Cezanne...I had this sudden extreme and rapid expansion of consciousness and vision around the middle to late thirties.
It probably corresponded with a growth period for me.
I had a sudden enormous expansion of horizons and possibilities.
It was revolutionary for me."
The record price for a Frater work at auction is $7,662 USD for a portrait of Diana Lang, sold at Deutscher & Hackett, Sydney in 2010
In 1974 Frater was appointed O.B.E.
for his services to art, and died at his home at Alphington on 28 November that year and was buried in Arthurs Creek cemetery.
He was survived by his four sons and daughter.
Paul O'Brien (scholar)
Rev.
Paul O'Brien (1763–1820) was an Irish language scholar and Catholic priest.
He was the first Professor of Irish at St. Patrick's College, Maynooth, serving from 1802 until his death.
Born in 1763, from Cormeen, Co. Meath, O'Brien was a great grand nephew of Turlough O'Carolan.
In 1807 O'Brien was instrumental in establishing "The Gaelic Society of Dublin" along with Dr. John Lanigan, Edward O'Reilly, William Halliday, and Theophilus O'Flanagan.
Professor O'Brien was also involved in Iberno-Celtic Society another initiative to promote the Irish Language.
Diptych of Devotion
The Diptych of Devotion was a small tempera and gold on poplar panel altarpiece painted in the 1280s by Cimabue.
It is thought to have originally consisted of two panels, each with four scenes from the life and passion of Jesus.
These are thought to have been split up for the art market in the 19th century.
Only three scenes from the left panel are known to have survived - "Virgin and Child with Two Angels" (National Gallery, London), "The Flagellation of Christ" (Frick Collection, New York) and "Christ Mocked".
The fourth scene is thought to have been "The Betrayal in the Garden", in the upper register of the panel.
Geoff Hill (footballer, born 1929)
Geoffrey Raymond Hill (born 31 August 1929) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Carlisle United.
Black and White (1931 film)
Black and White (French: Le blanc et le noir) is a 1931 French comedy film directed by Marc Allégret and Robert Florey and starring Raimu, André Alerme and Louis Baron fils.
Described as a "feeble racist comedy" it is notable for giving a feature screen debut to the comedian Fernandel.
It is an adaptation of the 1922 play of the same title by Sacha Guitry, who wrote the screenplay.
It was shot at the Billancourt Studios in Paris.
Marc Allégret also worked as art director, designing the film's sets.
Elisabeth Haarr
Elisabeth Astrup Haarr (born 1945 in Hamar, Norway) is a Norwegian artist.
Haarr is known for her textile works, which often take the form of sculptures or installations.
Haarr was born on 30 January 1945 in Hamar, Norway.
She attended the "Statens Håndverks- og Kunstindustriskole" from 1964 through 1967.
Haarr's woven works incorporate a variety of techniques from pre-Columbian through Bauhaus (particularly Anni Albers) and rya rug weaving.
She includes non-traditional materials such as grocery bags and other types of plastic, nylon and polyester in her work.
Her work often have political themes such as the place of women in Norway and the fight against oppression.
Haarr's first solo exhibition was in 1973 at the Oslo Art Association after exhibiting in an experimental textile biennial in Spain.. She went on to have solo exhibitions at the Asker museum, Tromsø Kunstforenin, Bodø Kunstforening, Ålesund Kunstforening, and Unge Kunstneres Samfunn.
Her work is included in the collections of the National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design, Oslo, the National Museum of Decorative Arts, Trondheim and the Norwegian Crafts Foundation.
Her public works include pieces at the University of Tromsø, Roskilde University, and the Norwegian Cultural Council.
Eric Ryan
Eric William Ryan (6 January 1933–2017) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
Elvis J. Kurtović
Mirko Srdić (born 26 February 1962), better known by his stage name Elvis J. Kurtović, is a Bosnian rock and roll musician, actor, comedian, and music editor.
He is the most notable as the bandleader and a co-founder of a Yugoslav punk rock band Elvis J. Kurtović & His Meteors.
He was one of the founders of the New Primitivism movement in his hometown Sarajevo.
As an actor, he has been featured in the "Top lista nadrealista" and the "Nadreality Show".
Kurtović is born in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia (present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina) where he finished elementary school and the 2nd Sarajevo Gymnasium.
He earned his degree in civil engineering from the University of Sarajevo.
In 1981, Kurtović with Dražen Janković and Sejo Sexon established a punk rock band Elvis J. Kurtović & His Meteors.
He has contributed on all Elvis J. Kurtović & His Meteors releases; "Mitovi i legende o kralju Elvisu" (1984), "Da bog da crk'o rok'n'rol" (1985), and "The Wonderful World of Private Business" (1988).
In 1996, Kurtović accompanied Sejo Sexon, Predrag Bobić, and Samir Ćeramida, with whom he restarted band Zabranjeno Pušenje, disbanded in the early 1990s.
He performed on their two studio albums; "Fildžan viška" (1997) and "Agent tajne sile" (1999).
Elvis J. Kurtović & His Meteors
Zabranjeno pušenje
Swasti Pandey
Swasti Pandey is an Indian folk singer and YouTube personality.
She sings in Bhojpuri, Awadhi, Maithili and Hindi.
She was born in Arrah, Bihar, India.
Reg Warner
Reginald Owen Warner (1 March 1931–1996) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City and Mansfield Town.
Obuch Ojwok Akuo
Obuch Ojwok Akuo is the current speaker of the South Sudan National Legislative Assembly.
He is a member of the SPLM who represents Eastern Equatoria.
Ojwok is a Pari, an ethnic group in Lafon County, Imatong State.
He became speaker on December 16, 2019 after the resignation of Anthony Lino Makana, who was accused of corruption.
Ojwok, after becoming speaker, said he wanted to restore the reputation of parliament.
Ojwok was the first deputy minister of Wildlife Conservation and Tourism when the post was created on August 26, 2011 after the independence of South Sudan on July 9, 2011.
Eggins
Eggins is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Jimmy Wilson (footballer, born 1929)
James Wilson (19 December 1929–2017) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
Thelma Nava
Thelma Nava (November 25, 1932 - August 17, 2019) was a Mexican poet and journalist.
She founded and co-founded magazines, one of which she also published.
Nava was the recipient of the Premio Nacional de Poesía «Ramón López Velarde» and the Presea Rosario Castellanos.
Thelma Nava was born in Mexico City, November 25, 1932.
She studied at the Casa del Lago Juan José Arreola; at the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM); and at the Centro Mexicano de Escritores ("Mexican Center of Writers") where she wrote her first work, "Aquí te guardo yo" ("Here I keep you").
Nava was co-founder of the magazine "El Rehilete y", with Luis Mario Schneider and Armando Zárate.
She founded the magazine "Pájaro Cascabel" (1962-1968) and served as its publisher.
She participated in the collective management of the magazines "Xilote" (1969-1977) and "Manatí" (1974-1984) as well as "La Brújula en el Bolsillo".
With Sergio Mondragón and Margaret Randall, editors of the magazine "El Corno Emplumado", she co-organized the First Inter-American Meeting of Poets, which was held in 1964 at the Club de Periodistas de México.
During the period of 1964-65, she associated with the newspaper "El Día", as a cultural journalist, taking charge of the "Showcase" section.
She conducted interviews, poetry selections, and critical notes on poetry and theater.
She also reviewed books and cultural magazines.
From 1980 till 1982, with the writers Juan de la Cabada, Eraclio Zepeda, and Saúl Ibargoyen, she joined the "Brigada Cultural Roque Dalton".
In 1984, and for the next two years, she participated in the Acción cultural del ISSSTE program with a group of 36 poets who gave poetry talks in all Mexican states.
Nava participated in cultural promotion activities for teachers at the National Pedagogical University, 1996-97.
At Películas Nacionale ("National Movies"), she met the poet Efraín Huerta whom she married in 1958.
They had two daughters, Thelma and Raquel, and two granddaughters, daughters of Thelma: Varenka and Natalia.
she died in Castlegar, British Columbia, Canada, August 17, 2019.
Jimmy Adam (footballer, born 1931)
James Adam (born 22 April 1931) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
Horsemanship of Ulysses S. Grant
The horsemanship of Ulysses S. Grant has been widely acclaimed by his contemporaries and historians as exceptional.
Ulysses S. Grant was a commanding general during the Civil War and a two-term U.S. President.
Born in Ohio near the Ohio River, Grant grew up around horses, which he came to admire and love, possessing a naturally affinity and learning to ride, train and manage horses at an early age.
At age five he was noted for doing difficult stunts bareback and soon after was also performing responsible chores, hauling timber, and driving teams of horses for long distances by himself.
His father Jesse placed much confidence in his ability.
From boyhood through his military career, Grant had a well established reputation for training and managing horses.
As a youth, neighbors would have him train hard to manage horses.
As a cadet he once set a high-jump record at West Point that stood for a quarter-century.
Horses played an important role throughout Grant's military career, carrying him with dispatches, going about inspecting and encouraging troops and taking him into battle, sometimes having his horse shot from underneath him.
During his lifetime he mostly owned and rode large and powerful horses that often could not be mounted by anyone else.
Noted for his love of and ability to ride and manage horses, Grant at times would receive as gifts the best horses available from friends and admirers.
Grant's first riding experience occurred at a circus that was visiting Georgetown when he was two years old.
Watching the horses in the ring, Ulysses asked his parents if he could sit atop one of the ponies and ride it, to which his parents acquiesced.
It was a happy event for the boy as he rode around the ring shrieking with laughter, not wanting to get off.
This was also the first time he showed signs of natural riding ability.
When Grant was little more than a toddler he was often found out by his father's shop with the teams of horses, restlessly crawling and playing about their legs and swinging from their tails.
On one of several such occasions a worried neighbor once noted this activity and exclaimed to his mother, Hannah, "Mrs. Grant, do you know where your boy is?
He is out there swinging on the tails of Loudon's horses!"
Calmly, Hannah would typically reply, "horses seem to understand Ulysses".
The young Grant was always on hand and eager for any work which involved riding a horse or driving a team of horses.
At the age of five, he proved to be a skilled rider and something of a daredevil on horseback.
Riding at a fast pace, he would stand on one leg while holding the reins, maintaining his balance as the horse galloped about–a feat that amazed his onlookers.
At age seven, while his father was away for the day, young Grant harnessed a restless three-year old colt, which had never been broken except to the saddle, to a sleigh, and drove the young horse about, hauling loads of brushwood throughout the day.
Upon his father's return he discovered that after his son managed to bridle and harness the colt, he had amassed "a pile of brush as big as a cabin" all by himself.
When Grant was eleven he established a reputation among his peers and neighbors by riding a trick pony belonging to the circus that came to town.
The pony had been trained to throw off anyone who attempted to mount him.
After several other boys tried and failed the young Grant came forward and said, "I believe I can ride that pony".
He mounted the restless animal, having no reins and its mane cut short, and wrapped his arms firmly around its neck.
After a frantic effort to buck him off, the pony finally abated where Ulysses, rode the pony around the ring for a couple of minutes, earning himself a rounding applause from the spectators and the five-dollar prize promised to anyone who could stay with the pony.
Ulysses' father Jesse Grant held regard for horses that was pragmatic.
As a tanner and leather goods merchant, horses to him were simply beasts of burden and a potential source for hides.
By contrast Ulysses viewed them as wonderful individuals, each with their own temperament.
He was able to size up any horse he was working with, and possessed a temperament of his own that allowed him to best employ any given horse.
Jesse began assigning various chores which required horses to Ulysses by the time he was eight years old.
He soon became a proficient teamster working all day, every day day, hauling wood or bark.
At ten Ulysses would drive a pair of horses, by himself, from his home in Georgetown to Cincinnati, forty miles away, bringing home a load of passengers.
His father did not insist on his working about the barkmill, provided there was other available work and often entrusted Ulysses with a team of horses on his own.
He also allowed Ulysses to manage the horses on the farm and participate in the farming.
At age twelve, Grant's father sent him into the forest with a team of horses and a wagon to pick up a load of timber.
The men at the lumber camp were supposed to load the wagon, but were nowhere to be found when Ulysses arrived.
Not wanting to go back empty handed, Ulysses devised a method by hitching the logs and pulling them aboard the wagon one at a time by use of the horses.
After securing the load, Ulysses hitched up the team back to the wagon and returned home, much to the amazement of his father.
Biographer James McClure describes how the young Ulysses' "exhibited a remarkable self possession of mind" on an occasion when he was transporting two women in a two-horse wagon across a creek swollen from a heavy rain where he found the water level much deeper than usual.
Upon crossing, he suddenly found the water to be so deep that the horses were almost swimming, while the water was up to the deck level of the wagon.
The women became greatly alarmed and began to scream, but the young Grant, though in a very precarious situation, kept his calm, simply looked over his shoulder and assured the ladies by saying, " Don't speak I will take you through safe", and continued on undaunted without further incident.
When about nine years old, the young Grant had acquired such a reputation for fast riding and stunts that jockeys who had steeds suffering from what was called “a distemper,” would bring their animals to Georgetown for Grant to ride them hard and fast, a technique that was known bring the horse's body temperature up, curing the illness.
Local farmers would also bring their problem horses for him to train.
These challenges delighted the boy thoroughly.
Pulitzer Prize winning biographer Hamlin Garland commented that Grant had a "mysterious" ability to communicate with horses, "He could train a horse to trot, rack, or pace, apparently at will".
Grant, reflecting on his youthful experiences with horses, would later write in his Personal Memoirs:
Grant gained a reputation for excellent horsemanship during his military career, and subsequently would sometimes receive horses as gifts from admirers.
In the Mexican-American War he performed remarkable feats on horseback during battle.
During the American Civil War Grant owned several horses, riding them on scouting missions, while inspecting the troops and formations, and during battle.
At times he would retire one horse and use another during long campaigns.
Grant was known to take exceptional care of his mounts and always kept them brushed "smooth as silk" with all the trappings in perfect order.
A war correspondent having often observed Grant's self-styled horsemanship once characterized his overall military involvement with horses: "Roads are almost useless to him, for he takes short cuts through fields and woods, and will swim his horse through almost any stream that obstructs his way.
Nor does it make any difference to him whether he has daylight for his movements, for he will ride from breakfast until two o'clock in the morning, and that too without eating.
The next day he will repeat the dose, until he finishes his work."
At the age of 17, Grant was nominated to attend West Point in the spring of 1839.
After being accepted, he made his way across Pennsylvania to New York City and traveled up the Hudson River to West Point, arriving there and signing the register on May 29.
There he soon surpassed all the cadets at the academy in horsemanship.
Among the horses at the academy was a dark bay horse that was so untamable that it was about to be condemned.
Grant selected this beast for his horse.
Every day he would devote time to it, bridling, mounting and riding it about with ease, while the entire class would watch and admire in amazement his excellent command of this horse.
Horsemanship was an important part of the curriculum at West Point.
In June 1843 the cadets assembled in the riding hall during their final graduating exercises, where all members performed their riding exercises before the Superintendent, Richard Delafield, and a large assembly of spectators.
The academy riding master Henry Hershberger, approached the high-jump bar, raised it another foot, higher than an average man's head, and then called out, "Cadet Grant", prompting a low murmer of wonderment from among the crowd.
From among the cadets, all mounted on their horses, Grant sprang forward, riding a large and powerful chestnut mount.
The cadets all recognized the horse, York, who no one else was able to ride.
Grant moved to the far end of the hall, and as he turned his mount towards the bar silence fell over the crowd.
He dashed forward, gauging his pace, and with a great leap, horse and rider cleared the bar with apparent ease.
Hershberg cried out, "very well done, sir", as the assembly filled the riding hall with the sound of applause.
Grant had set a high-jump record at West Point that stood for twenty-five years.
Grant's personal biographer Albert D. Richardson said of Grant's horsemanship: "There was nothing he could not ride.
He commanded, sat, and jumped a horse with singular ease and grace; was seen to the best advantage when mounted and at a full gallop ; could perform more feats than any other member of his class, and was, altogether, one of the very best riders West Point had ever known."
Grant's classmate, the future Confederate General, James Longstreet, said of Grant that, "In horsemanship, however, he was noted as the most proficient in the Academy.
In fact, rider and horse held together like the fabled centaur..." and that he was "the most daring horseman in the academy".
General Rufus Ingalls later recalled that when an unruly or stubborn horse was added to the string of academy horses Grant was always called upon to subdue it.
After graduation, Grant naturally requested service in the cavalry, but despite his excellent horsemanship, there was no opening available and instead was assigned to the 4th Infantry Regiment, his second choice.
During the Mexican-American War Grant expressed his amazement of the great herds of wild mustangs roaming between the Nueces and Rio Grande rivers, moving about like buffalo in a continuous mass.
"The country was a rolling prairie, and from the higher ground the vision was obstructed only by the earth's curvature."
Grant estimated that to corral a herd of this size, an area the size of the state of Delaware would be required.
Grant at this time was appointed Quartermaster of his regiment in August, 1846.
Because of his organizational skills and ability with horses and managing teams of horses, he was put in charge of the mule teams used by the Army.
Longing to participate in battle and share in its dangers, Grant found such an assignment beneath his ability and respectfully submitted a protest to this effect to his colonel, which was denied.
His new assignment involved loading and packing the mules correctly and efficiently, and keeping abreast of their overall well being.
For every eight soldiers there was one pack mule where Grant would have to inspect and manage up to fifty mules, along with five mule wagon teams.
To assist in this huge task and responsibility Grant would hire local Mexican mule handlers, who were more familiar with handling Mexican mules, different in their habits from those bred in America, that the Army had purchased while in Mexico.
When a volunteer was needed to carry an important dispatch for reinforcements, Grant came forward and demonstrated his equestrian ability at the Battle of Monterrey by carrying the dispatch past snipers while hanging off the side of his horse at a fast gallop, keeping the animal between him and potential fire.
Before leaving the city he stopped at a house in American hands and assured some wounded Americans, he would send for help.
When the Civil War broke out, Grant was working at his father's leather shop in Galena, Illinois.
With his home next to the shop Grant had no need for a horse, and did not own one at the time.
During the war Grant owned and rode more than ten different horses, including Cincinnati, Claybank, Egypt, Fox, Jack, Jeff Davis, Kangaroo, Little Reb, Methuselah and Rodney.
Grant was appointed colonel of the Twenty-first Illinois Volunteer Infantry on June 14, 1861, at which time he purchased a horse while still in Galena.
It was a strong horse, but while Grant was leading his regiment from Springfield, Illinois, to Missouri the mount proved to be unfit for military duty.
While encamped on the Illinois River for a few days a local farmer brought in a cream colored stallion of considerable value.
High spirited, very intelligent, the horse, named Jack, proved to be an excellent mount for long marches, but lacked tenacity and responsiveness in battle, to which Grant referred to him as "Old Nuisance".
The horse was striking in appearance, with its silver mane and tail, and dark eyes.
Grant often rode this mount during the campaigns of 1862-1863, and kept him as an extra horse for ceremonial purposes.
This was the horse that carried Grant away from Admiral Foote's riverboat the night before the attack on Fort Donelson; the same horse that endured difficult scouting missions in the Tennessee mud before and during the Battle of Shiloh.
Grant rode Jack through the Cumberland to the Battle of Chattanooga.
After Chattanooga Grant was called away and retired the horse to his business advisor, J.R. Jones in Northern Illinois, for his personal use.
During this time Grant purchased a second horse, called Fox, a powerful and spirited animal with exceptional endurance, which he also rode during the siege and battles around Fort Donelson and also at Shiloh.
On August 5, 1861 Grant was appointed Brigadier General of volunteers.
Soon after he purchased a pony for his son, Frederick Grant who was with him at the time, along with another horse for field service for himself.
At the Battle of Belmont, Grant's first battle in the Civil War, his horse was killed under him where he was compelled to use his son's pony.
This horse proved to be unfit for battle, so he turned it over to Captain William S. Hillyer, his aide, when he offered Grant his horse.
The Union advance had scattered the Confederates away from Camp Johnston, but the Confederates soon regrouped and began to surround the Union troops.
Some officers were considering surrender, but Grant was all about on his horse reassuring and reorganizing his troops.
During the final retreat, Grant narrowly escaped on his horse by leading it down a steep riverbank.
Grant recalled, "my horse put its fore feet over the bank without hesitation or urging, and, with his hind feet well under him, slid down the bank and trotted aboard the boat, twelve or fifteen feet away, over a single gang-plank."
Cincinnati was a bay, said to have been high and was a son of Lexington, a horse owned by William Tecumseh Sherman, considered to be the fastest thoroughbred in the United States at that time.
Grant considered Cincinnati "the finest horse I have ever seen.
Grant, on rare occasions, only allowed two other people to ever ride Cincinnati, one of whom was Abraham Lincoln.
Of Lincoln, Grant once said, "Lincoln spent the latter days of his life with me.
He came to City Point in the last month of the war and was with me all the time.
He was a fine horseman and rode my horse Cincinnati every day."
In October, 1862, a month before the siege of Vicksburg got underway, Grant sent his horse Jack to Illinois for a month's rest.
During the Vicksburg Campaign Grant acquired another horse captured by a raiding party at a plantation in Mississippi.
Grant had the opportunity to ride the animal and found it had a "delightful" gait.
Grant purchased the horse from the Army and named it "Jeff Davis".
He rode it instead of Cincinnati when there was long journeys to be made, because of its surefootedness and ability to stay fresh.
Shortly after the Vicksburg campaign, Grant suffered his most serious horse related injury while visiting General Banks in New Orleans.
According to Grant's account of the incident, the horse he was using was "vicious and but little used", and while he was reviewing Bank's troops, a locomotive in the street sounded its whistle, causing the horse to take flight.
It stumbled and fell upon Grant's leg, causing him to be "rendered insensible", and unconscious.
He awoke in a hotel with several doctors looking over him.
His leg was swollen from the knee to his thigh.
Grant described the pain as "almost beyond endurance".
He was bedridden for over a week, unable to even turn over by himself.
He was later put upon a steamer and taken back up the Mississippi to Vicksburg where it was some time before he was able to move about on his own.
In December 1863 while still in Chattanooga, Grant was given a fine Kentucky thoroughbred as a gift by the citizens of Egypt, Illinois, organized by Orval Pool, who all knew Grant was in need of a new horse when he had retired Jack, his previous horse.
Grant wrote a letter of thanks to the citizens, and named his new gift horse Egypt in their honor.
At seven years old, Egypt was an exceptionally handsome dark bay who measured .
The horse proved invaluable in the months to come, as Grant traveled over the Cumberland Mountains in January, covered with snow and ice, and was used throughout the Overland Campaign in Virginia.
At the surrender at Appomattox Grant met with General Lee at the picket lines between the armies.
There the two generals sat on their horses, for hours, Grant astride Cincinnati!
Lee on Traveller, and discussed the terms of surrender and the condition of the South, in sight of their soldiers.
Before departing Lee requested that his officers be permitted to leave with their horses.
Grant, having farmed with horses and knowing many of the Confederate officers were small farmers, allowed them to return home with their horses, swords, and their honor.
When Grant became president in 1869, three of his horses, Cincinnati, Jeff Davis and Egypt were brought to the White House stables.
According to Albert Hawkins, the stable master at the capitol at that time, Grant, during his second term, arranged for a statue of him mounted on Cincinnati.
For almost a month the General would have the bridle and saddle put on Cincinnati and ride out to meet the sculptor daily.
Hawkins also noted that Grant's other horse, Jeff Davis, was a kicker and had the habit of biting when the stable hands got close to him.
Yet Grant, without any trouble was able to handle him the moment he entered the stable.
The horse would lay his ears back and move about restlessly until Grant approached him, calming the animal with a few simple pats on the back.
Grant, refusing an offer of $10,000 for Cincinnati, brought the horse with him when he became president and moved to Washington DC.
In 1878, the horse died at the home of Admiral Ammen.
Nearly all depictions of Grant on horseback in drawings, granite, and bronze, are astride Cincinnati including the Ulysses S. Grant Memorial, in Washington, D.C.
After the Civil War Grant had gained possession of White Haven, previously owned by his wife's father Frederick Tracy Dent.
While he was president Grant transformed the estate into a successful horse breeding farm and designed its large horse stable.
Completed in 1871, the stable was large enough to house 25 horses.
All Grant's horses were either received as gifts or purchased by Grant.
He mostly owned Thoroughbred and Morgan horses, but also enjoyed raising other breeds.
Grant would not race his horses, never attended such events, and thought the practice of horse racing for amusement was cruel to the animal.
Grant was once arrested for driving a horse and carriage too fast along M Street in Washington DC.
The officer, one of Washington's new African-American policemen, was shocked when he discovered who he had detained, but Grant was more impressed than angered and said, "Officer, do your duty", smiled and walked home while the policeman brought the horse and rig to the police station.
Shortly after his presidency in 1877, Grant and his wife Julia embarked on a tour around the world.
In March the Grants were visiting Constantinople and Greece.
While visiting with Sultan Abdul Hamid II, Grant was very impressed with his stable of purebred Arabian horses.
Grant commented that the stallions would "pick up their feet like a cat, and so quickly, that no one can scarcely follow their motions".
Impressed by Grant's praise for the stallions, the Sultan allowed him to pick out any two he desired and take them home.
Grant chose a "dappled gray" and an "iron gray", which he shipped back to New York.
In the spring of 1878, while in Italy, the Grants were touring Milan.
Grant was conducting an honorary review of the Bersaglieri, the pride of the Italian Army and well known for their horsemanship.
At the time Alfred M. Fuller, an ex-Union Captain in the cavalry during the Civil War happened to be visiting there also.
He was well familiar with Grant's horsemanship, which Fuller enthusiastically brought to the attention of the Bersaglieri officers who were accompanying the Grant party.
Subsequently, they brought a restless steed to present to Grant which had to be restrained by three other officers.
The frantic and powerful animal appeared as if it could break loose at any given moment.
Grant approached the young and untamable horse that never had been ridden, with astonishment and admiration, while some of the young officers smiled as if they were intentionally setting up Grant with a horse they assumed would throw him off in short order.
As Grant slowly mounted the animal he took hold of the reins and assumed a perfectly erect posture.
The horse immediately made several attempts to throw him off, and then, unpredictably, gently trotted forward knowing that it had met its master, at which time Grant received a spontaneous applause.
Fuller recalls at that time, "horse and rider were as one being", as Grant rode the mount for two hours.
When Grant returned to the hotel he looked perfectly relaxed while the officers that oversaw the affair looked completely fatigued.
After his prolonged ordeal with throat cancer, while writing his memoirs, Ulysses S. Grant, on July 23, 1885, finally died at the age of 63.
On August 8 his coffin was placed on a catafalque draped in black with plumes at each corner where twenty-four black stallions, arranged in twelve pairs, pulled Grant's hearse along Broadway, with twenty generals led by General Winfield Hancock, astride a black stallion, led the entourage and team of horses.
Angraecopsis dolabriformis
Angraecopsis dolabriformis is an extinct species of plant in the family Orchidaceae.
The sole known specimen was found in São Tomé.
Its natural habitat has been destroyed by human activity since the 19th Century and it was declared extinct in 2018.
Suzanne Dantès
Suzanne Dantès (1888–1958) was a French stage and film actress.
Micracis festiva
Micracis festiva is a species of typical bark beetle in the family Curculionidae.
It is found in Mexico.
Roger McDonald (footballer)
Roger Brown McDonald (2 February 1933–1996) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
Miguel Nazarit
Miguel Ángel Nazarit Mina (born May 20, 1997) is a Colombian soccer player who currently plays for Nashville SC in MLS.
Nazarit began his professional career with Once Caldas in Manizales.
During his three-year tenure with the club, they played in the Colombian Categoria Primera A, the top tier of football in Colombia.
A right-footed:.
centerback, Nazarit finished his Once Caldas career with a lone goal in 39 appearances
On December 16, 2019, his transfer to MLS franchise Nashville SC was announced.
He will join Nashville for the team's inaugural 2020 season in MLS.
Nazarit was born in Cali, Colombia.
Career statistics per Soccerway.
Pavilion Theatre (Dún Laoghaire)
The Pavilion Theatre () is a theatre, cinema and arts centre in Dún Laoghaire, Ireland.
The Pavilion Theatre was founded in 1903, under the name of the Pavilion & Gardens Kingstown Ltd., with a stage measuring 83 × 24 feet (25 × 7 m).
John McCormack performed in 1908.
In 1915 the Pavilion burned down.
By the 1930s it was only a cinema, with no plays being shown.
In 1940 it burned down again.
The introduction of television led to a decline, and the last film shown for a long time was "No Sex Please, We're British" in 1974.
In the 1980s, Planxty recorded two programmes for RTÉ at the Pavilion, and acts such as De Dannan, The Dubliners and the Dublin Ballet Company also performed at the venue.
The Pavilion was closed in 1984 as a result of the enforcement of new fire regulations introduced with the Fire Acts of 1981 and 1982, and reopened in 2001 as a new 324-seat building.
It is operated by Pavilion Theatre Management Company and owned by Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown County Council.
It employs five full-time and 12 casual staff.
Willie White (footballer, born 1932)
William White (25 September 1932–2015) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Accrington Stanley, Derby County and Mansfield Town.
George W. Christians
George William Christians (5 August 1888 – June 1983) was an American engineer in Chattanooga, Tennessee, who lost a fortune in the Wall Street Crash of 1929 and afterwards launched a "paper and ink" campaign for a "revolution for economic liberty" in the United States.
He deliberately adopted extreme and sometimes contradictory political positions in order to publicize his economic ideas.
He founded the American Reds and then changed their name to the American Fascists when fascism was rising, and also founded the Crusader White Shirts, an organization that allied itself with fascist organizations.
He defended the Nazi Oscar C. Pfaus, and the American Jewish press spoke of him in the same breath as American anti-Semites; but the journalist John Roy Carlson, who spent years under cover in the American right, wrote that Christians was anti-Catholic but not anti-Semitic.
In 1938, he described himself as so "red" (communist) that he made Russian "reds" look yellow, and planned a new American revolution for a visit by President Roosevelt to Chattanooga, which would take place under cover of darkness and during which his men would raise the red flag from the city court house.
He was arrested in 1942, after the United States entered World War II, and charged with sending seditious material to officers of the U.S. Army.
He was convicted in the first trial of its kind during the war and sentenced to five years in jail with a recommendation by the judge that he not be released until after the war was over.
From his jail cell he repudiated his methods but not his beliefs.
George Christians was born in Eldred, New York, on 5 August 1888, to a Dutch father and a mother from New York.
He received a technical education at the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute.
In 1916, he married Marie L. Stokes in Hamilton, Tennessee.
In 1917, he was resident in Chattanooga, Tennessee, when he was drafted into the U.S. Army.
His draft documents recorded his occupation as construction manager and that he had served as private in the field artillery of the National Guard in New York.
However, the 1930 census does not record him as having served in World War I, and he later declined to say where he was during the conflict.
Christians was the owner of the American Asphalt Grouting Company, a firm that owned a process that stopped dams from leaking.
He made a fortune from the business but lost about $200,000 in the Wall Street Crash of 1929 and in 1930 was working as an electrical engineer.
As a result of the loss of his fortune, he became a campaigner for economic reform and developed a philosophy based on "human effort instead of gold" that encompassed the abolition of the gold standard, the repudiation of the national debt, and a refusal to pay taxes.
In the early 1930s, Christians founded the Crusader White Shirts in Chattanooga, Tennessee, claiming in 1934 to Pat McGrady of the "Jewish Daily Bulletin" that the organization had 10,000 members.
Having inspected the records, however, McGrady could find no evidence of any subscriptions or that any meetings of the organization had been held.
He described his politics as neither Communist nor Fascist, and deliberately adopted apparently conflicting names and positions in accordance with his belief that a revolutionary leader should promise support to all interests in private and adopt any cause in public that would draw supporters and publicity without accruing too much opposition.
He claimed to have started strikes to obtain publicity and to be preparing to send armed men to settle them to gain more.
When fascism was on the rise in the early 1930s, he re-branded his American Reds, whose emblem was a red flag with the stars and stripes on top, as the American Fascists, but in 1938 was still claiming to be "so red the Russian Reds are pale yellow in comparison".
In practice, he associated himself most closely with far-right and anti-Semitic organizations.
His "Secretary of State", C. A. Hester, was a former senior member of the Klu Klux Klan.
He tried to raise money from Jews to circulate an edition of the hoax "Protocols of the Elders of Zion" for the ostensible purpose of exposing the origins of the unjust persecution of the Jews.
In 1934, he complained to the Jewish Telegraphic Agency about the "persecution" in Chicago of the Nazi propagandist Oscar C. Pfaus, chairman of the Germanic Alliance.
C. F. Fulliam of the alliance chapter in Muscatine, Iowa, wrote to Christians saying that as "Heil Hitler!"
was popular in Germany, "let me salute you as you will be saluted in days to come.
Hail!
Christians."
In 1936 he founded the Crusaders for Economic Liberty in Chicago with the American fascist and anti-Semite Lois de Lafayette Washburn.
He posed for photographs with a form of crusader's cross or cross potent on a white shirt and a gun in his belt.
More than one observer commented that with his toothbrush moustache he bore a resemblance to Adolf Hitler.
An inveterate letter writer in the cause of his "paper and ink revolution", he sent twenty for every one he received, on letterheads showing the Statue of Liberty, crossed American flags, and a torch with a red, white, and blue flame and in green and brown type.
In November 1938, he figured in the proceedings of the House Special Committee on Un-American Activities of the United States Congress which noted the large number of organizations with which he was associated or had founded.
These included the American Reds and the American Fascists, the Liberty Party, the Crusaders for American Liberty, the Crusader White Shirts, and the Fifty Million Club for Economic Liberty.
He was once a candidate for Congress from the third Tennessee district.
On 1 December 1932 Christians was granted an interview with President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt at Warm Springs, Georgia, after driving there with his "Minister of Economics", Walter M. Higgins, a Catholic and former salesman for a stocking manufacturer, and insisting that unemployed steel workers were on the point of revolution.
Roosevelt listened to Christians' economic ideas and promised to take them into account.
According to the "Jewish Daily Bulletin", Christians was subsequently questioned for two days by Federal agents who doubted his sanity.
It was at that meeting, Christians claimed, that he put it to Roosevelt that he was "only the Kerensky" of an upcoming American "revolution", a moderate who would be overthrown by an American Stalin.
The "Jewish Daily Bulletin" wondered whether Christians saw himself as that Stalin.
The idea gained traction in the press and in Washington after William A. Wirt, an opponent of Roosevelt's New Deal who was at Warm Springs at the same time as Christians, alleged that there were communists in the American government who were seeking to undermine the Roosevelt administration and the New Deal, allegations that led to the Bulwinkle investigation in the United States House of Representatives in 1934.
In December 1938, Christians told the press that "revolution" was bound to come to America, and that the American people were in the mood for it.
He had timed it for the president's recent visit to Chattanooga before that was cancelled.
He planned to cut the power (he had a patent for an electrical fuse), saying "lots of things can happen in the dark", after which his men would seize the town and fly the red flag from the court house, before taking the state capitol of Nashville and moving on California, Chicago, New York, and Washington.
He explained that the plan did not go ahead because by the time the President did visit in November, conditions were less suitable for a revolution.
Christians was investigated by U.S. Army military intelligence who described him as having "a brilliant mind but of erratic temperament", and as posing no threat.
Raymond Moley described him as a "harmless lunatic".
In 1934, Pat McGrady, author of "Fascism in America", visited Christians in Chattanooga for New York's "Jewish Daily Bulletin" and reported that he was mostly ignored there and "quite without honor", unable to get a letter printed in the city's newspapers despite his many attempts.
Christians attributed this to a "campaign of silence" by the press but McGrady thought it was because Christians was a crank of the type found in every town and with whom newspaper editors were all too familiar.
Nonetheless, he thought that Christians was not as much of a "nut" as some made out, saying:
He is a clever fellow with a fine appreciation of the limits of our broad liberties of speech and action which he strains in promoting his personality and an economic scheme which, if effective, is enough to surrender the rights and properties of the people into the hands of whoever may be strong enough to grasp control of a despairing nation.
Despite his intelligence, McGrady identified in Christians a deep ignorance of the principles of Fascism and of its practice in Germany and Italy, fostered, he thought, by the narrow sources on which Christians was able to draw in Chattanooga in understanding World affairs.
This made the question of whether Christians was really a Fascist, a moot one.
In 1935, Jay Franklin of "Vanity Fair" cited Christians as an example of the inability of American radicals to capitalise on the weakness of an antiquated government due to their inability to lead, to follow, or to co-operate, opining of him that what could have been a mass movement was reduced to a one-man-show by his policy of double-crossing and the destruction of local movements in order to attract personal publicity.
In his 1943 book "Under Cover: My Four Years in the Nazi Underworld of America", Christians was described by John Roy Carlson (Arthur Derounian) as "an odd combination of comedian and sinister revolutionist", strongly anti-Catholic but not anti-Semitic.
In 1940, in an editorial piece titled "Shirts marked Down", "The Daily Independent" wrote that since the start of the European war (World War Two), the price of Black, Brown, and Red shirts had been reduced and the "1001 leagues, legions, associations, federations, friends of this and that, committees, knights" and similar organizations were in retreat.
Leaders were arrested or inactive and with respect to Christians, in Chattanooga the locals "simply refuse to recognize him as a Fascist Menace".
In March 1942, after the United States had joined the war, Christians was arrested under the Smith Act which aimed to counter sedition.
He was only the second person to be charged under the act, after Rudolph Fahl of Denver who was arrested simultaneously.
It was alleged that Christians had sent communications to the officers of Fort Oglethorpe, Georgia, and Camp Forrest, Tennessee, that might demoralize the army.
His literature stated that even in wartime it was permitted to ask questions and posed a series of them, among which was "Are we fighting to make Roosevelt the dictator of the world?"
Christians was convicted in June in the first trial of its kind during the war and sentenced to five years imprisonment.
The judge, Leslie Darr, recommended that he should not be paroled until after the end of the war.
From his cell, Christians told reporters that he felt that his work had been done and that his conviction had concluded his "paper and ink revolution for economic liberty".
He also said that he regretted his "objectionable" methods and that he was glad not to have harmed anyone.
Of his economic theories, he said that he had brought them to the attention of the American people and it was up to them what they did with them.
Christians died in Chattanooga, in June 1983.
Susan Price (disambiguation)
Susan Price (born 1955) is an English author of children's and young adult novels.
Susan Price is also the name of:
En Busca del Amor
En Busca del Amor is the fourteenth studio album by Salvadoran singer Álvaro Torres, released on April 30, 1996 through EMI Latin.
The album was produced by himself and Nelson Gonzalez and recorded in five different studios.
Credits adapted from "En Busca del Amor" liner notes.
Vocals
Musicians
Art design
Production
Recording
Evelina Fedorenko
Evelina G. Fedorenko (born 1980) is a Russian-born American cognitive neuroscientist.
Born in 1980 in Volgograd in the Soviet Union, Fedorenko moved to the United States in 1998.
In 2002, she graduated from Harvard University with a bachelor's degree in psychology and linguistics.
She then went to Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) for her graduate degree in cognitive science and neuroscience, receiving her Ph.D in 2007.
, Fedorenko is an associate professor and laboratory head in the Brain and Cognitive Sciences department at MIT, and an associate member of MIT's McGovern Institute for Brain Research, as well as an associate researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital.
She was an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School (2014–2019).
Her specialty is human language system.
Her goal is to try to provide a representation of our brain regions and to study individuals who have healthy brain regions and who have brain disorders.
She is also trying to understand the calculations that we perform in our everyday life.
During her research she uses different kinds of methods including functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), ERPs and intracranial recordings.
One of her areas of research is the brains of polyglots, who speak multiple languages.
This research has been featured in "The New Yorker" magazine and the BBC World Service documentary, "The Polyglots".
In 2007, she received the Pathway to Independence Award (K99/R00 career development award) from Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD).
She is married to Ted Gibson, a cognitive scientist.
Laia Aleixandri
Laia Aleixandri López (born 25 August 2000) is a Spanish footballer who plays as defender for Primera División club Atlético Madrid and the Spain women's national team.
Aleixandri represented Spain at the 2016 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup and 2018 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
She made her senior debut on 17 May 2019 in a friendly against Cameroon.
She scored her first international goal in that match.
Charles Young (Australian politician)
Charles Young (6 October 1825 - 28 February 1908) was a politician in colonial Victoria, Australia.
He was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1874 to 1892, representing the electorates of Kyneton Boroughs (1874-1889) and Electoral district of Kyneton (1889-1892).
Young was born at Belfast in Ireland and was educated at Belfast Academy before becoming a sea captain, in which capacity he imported provisions into Ireland from France during the Great Famine.
He migrated to Victoria in 1852 and worked as a carrier on the goldfields.
His wife and children arrived from Ireland in 1854, and he bought a farm at Kyneton, "Abbeyville" 1855.
He worked the farm until becoming a land agent and auctioneer in Kyneton in 1864.
Young helped establish the Lauriston and Edgecombe Road Board in 1856, became a member of the board in 1858, and later served as chairman in the early 1860s.
Young was president of the Shire of Kyneton from 1866 to 1867 and 1872 to 1873.
He later bought "Bull Plain" near Corowa and had interests in other properties.
Young was elected to the Legislative Assembly for Kyneton Boroughs at the 1874 colonial election.
He was a strong opponent of the radical Graham Berry and when Berry was ousted by Bryan O'Loghlen in 1881, was promoted to the ministry, initially as acting Minister for Mines and Agriculture and Water Supply, and then in August that year as Commissioner for Public Works and Minister for Agriculture, serving until the ministry's defeat in March 1883.
Young's seat was renamed Kyneton in 1889.
He was defeated at the 1892 election.
Young moved to the Melbourne suburb of Windsor after entering parliament.
He died at his home there in 1908.
Si Me Ves Con Alguien
"Si Me Ves Con Alguien" (English: "If You See Me With Someone") is a song by Peruvian singer Leslie Shaw.
It was released by Sony Music in 2018.
Leslie Shaw performed the song on several television shows in Perú and also toured thoughout Latin America to promote the song.
The music video for the song was released on March 2, 2018 on Leslie Shaw's Vevo channel.
The video was features Shaw hanging out with her friends talking about an ex and then leaving to have a girls night out.
Gregor Glas
Gregor Glas (born 29 April 2001) is a Slovenian professional basketball player for Dynamic VIP PAY of the Serbian League and the ABA League Second Division.
He is a 1.97 m tall Shooting guard.
Glas started playing professional basketball for Primorska.
On October 24, 2019, he signed with Serbian club Dynamic VIP PAY.
Glas made his debut for the Slovenian national team on September 14, 2018, at the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualification game against Latvia national team.
Glas thereby became the yongest player to ever play for Slovenia on senior level.
.
Subrahmanya Road railway station
Subrahmanya Road is a railway station on Mangalore–Hassan–Mysore line.
It is located in Dakshina Kannada district, Karnataka state, India.
The station consists of three platforms, which are not well sheltered.
It lacks many facilities including water and sanitation.
Subrahmanya Road railway station serves Subramanya village in Dakshina Kannada district.
It belongs to Mysore railway division, part of South Western Railway zone of Indian Railways.
There are several trains to Mysore, Kannur, Bengaluru, Vijayapura, Yesvantpur and Mangalore that stop at Subrahmanya Road station:
Ricky Brabec
Ricky Brabec (born 21 April 1991) is an American rally raid biker who in 2020 became the first American winner of the Dakar Rally.
He was born San Bernardino and started with BMX when he was five years old.
When he was 15, he and his family moved desert city Hesperia.
He was trying motocross and started with rally raiding in 2011.
He won the Baja 1000, Baja 500 and San Felipe 250 in 2014.
He was fifth in the bike category at Abu Dhabi Desert Challenge in 2015.
In 2016, he was sixth at Merzouga Rally and seventh at Atacama Rally in the bike category.
He made his Dakar Rally debut in 2016 and finished in 9th.
In 2017, he won his first stage.
In 2018, he was running in 6th place when he was forced to retire, the second DNF he suffered in his career.
In 2019, he retired again, for third consecutive year.
Monaro Shire
Monaro Shire was a local government area in the Monaro region of New South Wales, Australia.
Monaro Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906.
The Shire contained the villages of Bredbo and Nimmitabel.
The "Local Government Areas Amalgamation Act 1980" saw the amalgamation of Monaro Shire with the Municipality of Cooma to form Cooma-Monaro Shire on 1 January 1981.
Henk Walaardt Sacré
Paul Hendrik "Henk" Walaardt Sacré (11 October 1873 – 1949) was a Dutch military engineer and aviator born in Doetinchem.
His father, Lodewijk Ægidius Walaardt Sacré, was a navy officer.
In 1889 he was accepted into the Royal Military Academy, where he became a military engineer.
In 1894 he finished his education and was made second lieutenant, afterwards serving with the engineer corps in Utrecht.
In 1898 he became a staff officer on the 1st Engineering-Commandement in Utrecht, later moving to Breda where he was promoted to lieutenant and in 1905 to captain.
In 1899, he married Marie Clelie Gertrude Bake but had no children.
In 1907 he was made commander of a regiment and in 1908 he got the ancillary position of commanding the Air Force of his regiment and the ballons used for artillery practice.
He was also a member of the main board of the Dutch Association for Aviation.
Deputy chief of the general staff Cornelis Snijders requested him to specialize in military aviation, in 1909 this was made his fulltime job.
He studied the organization of the balloon force, read modern aviation literature and studied abroad, attaining his brevet as balloon commandant in Germany and his pilots license in France.
He used his knowledge to schools air balloon officers for the Dutch Army.
When in 1910 the Military Aviation Commission was founded Sacré became both member and secretary.
In July 1913 the Military Aviation Branch was created, stationed at Soesterberg, and Walaardt Sacré was made its first commander.
Under Walaardt Sacre’s leadership the branch expanded to 650 men and 7 airfields.
In 1917 he is promoted to major.
As he was to be replaced as leader of the Aviation Branch he he left the army in 1919 and joined the Air Transport Service of the Netherlands-English Technical Trading Society In 1922 Walaardt Sacré founded N.V. Nationale Vliegtuig-Industrie in order to break up the monopoly of Anton Fokker but by 1926 the firm was closed.
His next project was setting up a commercial flight rout between the Americas and the Netherlands, after the Hindenburg Disaster these plans were permanently shelved.
He was also a member of the State Commission on Aviation, an advisory body of the Dutch government, from 1919 to 1930.
Walaardt Sacré Park bears his name.
Penny Fellows Lumley
Penny Fellows Lumley (1963 – Present), is a world real tennis singles and doubles champion and regarded as one of "the greatest female players in the history of tennis."
Born Penny Bland, Lumley first played lawn tennis prior to taking up real tennis in 1985.
Just 4 years later, she was the World Champion, beating British journalist and three-time World Champion Sally Jones in 1989 in Philadelphia.
Lumley secured a streak of impressive victories between 1989 and 2004, including securing 6 out of 8 World Championship titles (singles) (1989, 1991, 1995, 1997, 1999, 2003).
In that same period she played in every World Championship doubles final, winning 6 times (1993, 1995, 1997, 1999, 2001 and 2003) with various partners including Evelyn David, Jo Wood Iddles, Sue Haswell and Fiona Deuchar.
She won the doubles title in the 2007 World Championships in Manchester with her partner Charlotte Cornwallis.
She dominated the LRTA International tournament from its inception in 1998 through the next 3 tournaments.
Penny was the British Open singles champion 12 times between 1989 and 2004, including an unbeaten run of 8 victories from 1995 to 2002.
She won the doubles title 10 times between 1991 and 2008.
She was also successful abroad, winning the US Open (both singles and doubles) 6 times, the French Open singles 7 times and the doubles 10 times, and the Australian Open singles 3 times.
In 1996–97 she won the Grand Slam, taking the British, French, American and Australian Opens as well as the World singles and doubles titles.
Lumley continues to compete today.
In 2014, she won the US Open Singles Title together with the US Open Doubles title with her daughter Tara.
She won the French Open Singles in 2015.
Lumley also recently retained the Ladies’ Masters Singles title.
Lumley was the first female recipient of the Baerlein Cup bestowed by the Tennis and Rackets Association for the best tennis performance by an amateur.
She was also the first woman to receive the Greenwood Trophy in 1989 for the most improved tennis player of the year.
In 1999, her achievements in tennis and her 7 French Open singles titles were acknowledged with a Medal of the French Republic.
In 2000 she won the Unsung Hero/Heroine category and the overall Grand Prix Prize at the Best of British Awards for Great Sporting Achievement.
She was inducted as a Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, “M.B.E.” in 2004.
In 2011 Penny was inducted into the International Hall of Fame of the US Court Tennis Association, only the second lady ever to receive this award.
The award ceremony was held at the Racquet and Tennis Club.
Lumley has two children.
She is a Founder Honorary Life Member of Prested Hall.
Hobbies include running.
Anhumas River
The Anhumas River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
Lennoxtown (New) railway station
Lennoxtown railway station served the town of Lennoxtown, Dunbartonshire, Scotland from 1867 to 1951 on the Blane Valley Railway.
The station opened as Lennoxtown (Blane Valley) in 1867 as Lennoxtown by the North British Railway.
A second platform was going to be added but a loop was laid instead; this was later lifted.
There were no goods facilities here as they were at the old station.
The station closed in 1951.
KF Çair
KF Çair is a football club based in Çair Municipality, Skopje, North Macedonia.
They are currently competing in the OFS Skopje league.
Their home ground is Çair Stadium which has a seating capacity of 2,800.
Ona Batlle
Ona Batlle Pascual (born 10 June 1999) is a Spanish footballer who plays as defender for Primera División club Levante UD and the Spain women's national team.
Batlle represented Spain at the 2016 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup and 2018 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
She made her senior debut on 17 May 2019 in a friendly match against Cameroon.
The Colony (2007 film)
The Colony is a Canadian short film, directed by Jeff Barnaby and released in 2007.
The film stars Glen Gould as Maytag, a Mi'kmaq man dealing with the emotional fallout of a love triangle, when his girlfriend Myriam (Kaniehtiio Horn) runs off with his friend and drug dealer Jackson (Kent McQuaid).
The film premiered at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival.
It was named to TIFF's annual year-end Canada's Top Ten list for 2007, and was a finalist for Best Aboriginal Film at the 2008 Yorkton Film Festival.
405 Method Not Allowed (Mr.
Robot)
"405 Method Not Allowed" is the fifth episode in the fourth season of the American thriller drama television series "Mr.
Robot".
Written and directed by series creator Sam Esmail, it aired on November 3, 2019, on USA Network.
The episode is notably presented without dialogue, apart from its opening and ending.
In the episode, Elliot (Rami Malek) and Darlene Alderson (Carly Chaikin) execute a heist hack at a server farm on Christmas Day.
On Christmas morning, Elliot burns the van and is picked up by Darlene.
Elliot and Darlene, posing as an employee, break into Virtual Realty, the company that keeps the servers for Cyprus National Bank.
Elliot installs a firmware hack that gives them 40 minutes to get the information they need while temporarily disabling the security cameras.
Nearly getting caught, Elliot triggers a power outage which aids their escape.
The security team call the police when they realize they've been infiltrated, but only lay eyes on Elliot.
He leads the police on a foot chase through Central Park.
Darlene is able to walk out, now posing as a gym attendee, and pick up Elliot after he is hit by a car and leaps over a guard rail.
Dominique is sent by Janice to the local police department to give the Dark Army control over the van investigation.
While meeting with her family, the Central Park incident is on the news.
Janice sends her out again to immediately capture Darlene and Elliot, seen on a traffic camera.
Elliot texts Price that Tyrell won't be coming to the meeting.
Price follows clues to the location of the Deus Group meeting that night; and replies that it'll happen with or without Tyrell.
Krista is confronted by Vera.
The episode is presented without dialogue, apart from its opening and ending, beginning with "We don't have to talk" (Darlene to Elliot) and ending with "It's time we talk" (Vera to Krista).
Series creator Sam Esmail and the show had become known for its defiance of the television format, such as a one-take episode and another with an opening sitcom sequence.
Instead of using dialogue, the show depends on text messages and action to tell its story.
Esmail said that, in production, the story dictated the format.
They knew the plot would center on hacking Virtual Realty and as they worked through the story, realized that Elliot and Darlene would have a coldness between each other, both for the need to be silent and because Darlene would still be mad at Elliot from a prior fight.
That the pair would have a silent treatment seemed appropriate to Esmail.
They then worked backwards to realize that the episode's other storylines were also silent on Christmas morning.
The writers also wanted the silence to contribute to the tension.
Each of the subordinate storylines was foreboding, with the viewer left in suspense while knowing what would become of Dom's red light hack and Vera's minions stalking Krista.
While the episode lacked dialogue, it was not fully silent, as it remained soundtracked.
Esmail saw this ability to make a stylistic format choice as one of the perks of working in television over feature film, the originally intended format of the show, as the stylistic choice can last for an individual episodic chapter.
The silent treatment conceit, Esmail added, additionally expressed isolation as a result of technology, a core theme of the show, with the characters texting rather than talking.
"The New York Times" was "enthralled" by the episode's silence, which it described as functional for the purpose of the hack.
Reviewers wrote that the lack of dialogue enhanced other aspects of the presentation, such as the viewer's perception of danger and the significance of the characters' actions, similar to the effect of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" "Hush", which was also without dialogue.
"The New York Times" also praised the episode's cinematography in the absence of dialogue, especially in the dark server room lit by server equipment and in the shot descending the staircase.
The stairwell shot was also "The A.V.
Club" favorite.
"Rolling Stone" did not notice the absence of dialogue until after the episode, and cited the episode as an example where the "gimmickry" felt "seamless rather than self-indulgent".
The episode was presented with more fun and less pregnant symbolism than normal for the series, which "The A.V.
Club" admired.
With focus on the action and thrill, the reviewer thought the show delivered, balancing "apprehension and anxiety" as teased perils turn out to be planned and small errors lead to catastrophic escalation.
"The New York Times" appreciated the running contrast between joyous Christmas music and the characters' stress levels.
"The New York Times" also appreciated how Mr.
Robot did not appear either for dialogue or to present Elliot with a way out, but Elliot's jumping from the cliff to meet Darlene did mirror how he thought Mr.
Robot pushed him from the Coney Island boardwalk railing.
This scene reinforced the show's balance of apprehension and anxiety while underscoring the familial understanding and forgiveness between the siblings, said "The A.V.
Club".
It was also a Christmas episode notably spent away from usual Christmas elements, such as the tree and shopping.
1992–93 Club América season
The 1992–93 Club América season is the club's 48th consecutive season in the top-flight of Mexican football.
The team competed in the Liga MX and the CONCACAF Champions Cup.
from Real Madrid
to FC Porto
María Emilia: Querida
María Emilia: Querida is a Peruvian telenovela produced by José Enrique Crousillat for América Producciones.
It is an adaptation of the 1979 telenovela titled "Emilia", written by Delia Fiallo, and was adapted for television in 1999 by Ximena Suárez.
The telenovela is stars by the Venezuelan actress Coraima Torres, and the Mexican actor Juan Soler.
María Emilia (Coraima Torres) lives with her grandmother and her two brothers.
These are very capricious and do not care that María Emilia works every day to support her family.
Mónica (Ana Patricia Rojo), her sister is very ambitious and her desire is to leave the humble neighborhood where they live and marry a millionaire.
For that reason she tries to make Francisco (Roberto Sen), a rich businessman, fall in love with her.
María Emilia gets another job to be able to earn more money as a teacher for Francisco's youngest daughter, there she will meet Alejandro (Juan Soler), also Francisco's son.
María Emilia falls in love with Alejandro, and he who has no interest in falling in love only plays with her, but little by little he will begin to feel attraction for her.
Marta Cardona
Marta Cardona de Miguel (born 26 May 1995) is a Spanish footballer who plays as midfielder for Primera División club Real Sociedad and the Spain women's national team.
Cardona started her career at Zaragoza CFF.
She left the team of her city in 2018 for signing with Levante, where she rested one season before agreeing terms with Real Sociedad.
Cardona made her senior debut for Spain on 4 October 2019 in a UEFA Women's Euro 2021 qualifying Group D match against Azerbaijan.
Tom Corwin, Ohio
Tom Corwin is an unincorporated community in Coal Township, Jackson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located southwest of Wellston on Ohio State Route 788, at .
Tom Corwin was settled as a company town for the Tom Corwin Coal Company, which operated multiple mines in the area and shipped the coal out by means of the nearby Cincinnati, Hamilton & Dayton (CH&D) Railway.
Beryl Markham: A Shadow on the Sun
ThorCon
ThorCon International is a privately held company founded in 2016 and headquartered in Washington USA.
Its primary focus is the TMSR-500 thorium based molten salt reactor which it has designed for deployment in Indonesia.
It is seeking funding to build a non fission test platform.
In December 2015, Thorcon signed a memorandum of understanding with three Indonesian companies to develop its molten salt reactor technology in Indonesia.
In April 2018, the United States Department of Energy awarded Thorcon $400,000 as a GAIN research project to be conducted jointly by ThorCon USA Inc and Argonne National Laboratory.
In July 2019, Thorcon signed a deal with PAL Indonesia to study and build a 500MWe reactor, with plans to invest $1.2 billion to build a full plant in Indonesia, following the completion of the feasibility study.
Body Love (disambiguation)
Body Love may refer to:
Salez-Sennwald railway station
Salez-Sennwald railway station () is a railway station in Sennwald, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Chur–Rorschach line and is served by local trains only.
Salez-Sennwald is served by the S4 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Rivière Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest
The Jacques-Cartier North-West River is a watercourse tributary of Jacques-Cartier River, located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, Canada.
The course of the river passes in particular in the Jacques-Cartier National Park.
The main body of water is Petit lac Jacques-Cartier.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of the Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest river (except the rapids) is generally frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, but the safe circulation on the ice is generally made from the end of December to the beginning of March.
The main watersheds adjacent to the Jacques-Cartier Northeast River are:
The Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest river draws its source at Brassoit Lake (length: ; altitude: , located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality.
This lake receives water on the east side of the Petit outlet Lake Brassoit.
From the mouth of Lac Brassoit, the Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest river flows over , with a total drop of , according to the following segments:
Upper course of the Jacques-Cartier North-West river (segment of )
Intermediate course of the Jacques-Cartier North-West river (segment of )
Lower course of the Jacques-Cartier North-West river (segment of )
From the confluence of the Jacques-Cartier North-West river, the current flows for towards the south by the course of the Jacques-Cartier River to the north shore.
is from Saint Lawrence River..
This toponym appears on a regional map of 1943, evoking the memory of Jacques Cartier (1491-1557), navigator and explorer born in Saint-Malo in France.
Cartier made three trips to Canada between 1534 and 1541.
Verrazzano's probable companion in South America, in 1524 and 1528, Cartier ventured to the New World in 1534, commissioned by François I to find gold and a passage to Asia.
During this first trip, he did not go beyond Anticosti Island, explored Chaleur Bay and the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
During his second trip in 1535, during which he went to Hochelaga (Montreal), he wintered in Stadaconé (Quebec).
On August 15, after leaving the western tip of Anticosti Island, he became aware of land that remained "towards the south which is a land of marvelous mountain hault", these high lands being those that plunge into the sea around the Saint-Louis and Saint-Pierre mountains.
In 1541, Cartier, under the orders of Jean-François de La Rocque de Roberval, established the first French colony in America.
He settled on the left bank, at the mouth of the Cap Rouge river, where he built two forts communicating with each other, one at the bottom of the promontory, the other above.
He went a second time to Hochelaga, then returned to Cap-Rouge where he spent the winter.
Jacques Cartier left the colony in early June 1542, while Roberval had been on his way to Canada since the middle of April.
The two meet in Newfoundland in mid-June.
Invited by Roberval to follow him to Cap-Rouge, Cartier abandoned him and left Newfoundland during the night of June 18 to 19.
Cartier arrives in Saint-Malo in early September.
Cartier must then recognize that its gold found in Canada is iron pyrite and its diamonds, quartz or mica.
The toponym "Rivière Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest" was formalized on December 5, 1968 at the Place Names Bank of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
2005 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia
The 2005 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia was a men's tennis tournaments played on outdoor clay courts in Palermo, Italy that was part of the International Series of the 2005 ATP Tour.
It was the 27th edition of the tournament and was held from 26 September until 2 October 2005.
Uneeded Igor Andreev won the singles title.
Igor Andreev defeated Filippo Volandri 0–6, 6–1, 6–3
Martín García / Mariano Hood defeated Mariusz Fyrstenberg / Marcin Matkowski 6–2, 6–3
Elephant Boy (TV series)
Elephant Boy was a 1973 Australian-British-German series based on the Rudyard Kipling story "Toomai of the Elephants".
It was shot on location in Sri Lanka from December 1971 to April 1972 and consisted of 13 episodes.
It aired on Channel Seven in Australia in 1973.
The story of a 12 year old, Toomai, his younger brother Ranjit, and their friendship with an elephant.
Joe Gubbins
Joseph Gubbins (born 3 August 2001) is an English footballer who plays for Queens Park Rangers as a defender.
Gubbins made his professional debut with Queens Park Rangers in a 5-1 FA Cup win over Swansea City on 5 January 2019.
FOLM
Zunyi rapid transit system
The Zunyi rapid transit system is a planned metro system in Zunyi, China.
The system is planned as a monorail, and has already been examined and approved by the Ministry of Environmental Protection.
In 2013, the city of Zunyi began pushing for the acceptance of a mass transit plan.
The planning committee's 2019-2024 construction plan was evaluated and approved by the Ministry of Environmental Protection in July 2019.
Line 1 of the system is expected to have 19 stations on a 22.86 kilometre long line running from the in Honghuagang District to Xinpudong station in the Xinpu New District.
Line 2 of the system is expected to be 27 kilometres long with 22 stations running from in the Huichuan District to Nanbai Secondary School in the Bozhou District.
The lines will meet at Yingbin Avenue.
Olivia Shannon
Olivia Shannon is a field hockey player from New Zealand.
She is a player on the Black Sticks, New Zealand's women's national field hockey team.
Shannon grew up on a farm in rural Manawatū, New Zealand.
She played rugby until age 12.
She began playing field hockey at age 11.
Shannon plays the position of striker in field hockey.
Shannon began playing for Central's under-18 team at age 14.
In 2018, Shannon played for Central in the New Zealand national under 18 tournament.
She was top goal scorer of the tournament and her performance led to her being named player of the tournament and helped her team defend the championship.
She also led her school, Havelock North's Iona College, to a national secondary school field hockey title.
Her performance for the school led to Shannon being named Central Hockey U18 Women's Player of the Year for 2018.
In late 2018, Shannon was named to the Black Sticks, New Zealand's national women's field hockey team.
Shannon was the youngest player named to the team's 2019 line-up.
Rogert Møller
Rogert Møller (6 December 1844 - 26 August 1918) was a Danish architect and credit union manager.
He was as an architect mainly active in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen, designing many residential buildings during the population boom of the late 19th century.
He worked for Østifternes Kreditforening from 1876 and served as chief technical officer from 1904.
Møller was born on 6 December 1844 in Hørsholm, the son of merchant and later innkeeper Jacob M.øller(1803-57) and Mariane Cathrine Schaltz (c. 1808-49).
His mother died when he was five years old and his father was subsequently married a second time to Ernestine Wilhelmine Wegner in 1852.
Møller enrolled at the Artillery School at the age of 14 and continued his education at Elekskolen at Frederiksberg Palace.
He then joined the Topographic General Staff's Department as an aspirant and was in 1864 appointed as guide.
He resigned from this position in 1870 to assume a position as assistant in Copenhagen Fire Department.
In his spare time, while working for the Copenhagen Fire Department, Møller started to work as a draughtsman.
He was later also charged with building design and established his own architectural practice in 1991.
He was in spite of his lack of formal education at the Art Academy responsible for the design of an extensive number of residential buildings, particularly in Vesterbro but also in other emerging district.
Møller's work as an architect brought him into contact with land owners and though them the Østifternes Kreditforening (Islands' Credit Union) with whom he soon started a more formalized collaboration.
He started out as an assessor in 1875, became a member of the board of representatives in 1877, became an auditor ("revisor") in 1879. and finally chief technical officer ("bygningskyndig direktør") in 1904.
He took active part in the planning and realisation of the union's new headquarters at Jarmers Plads in 1913-14.
Møller was in 1892-98 a member of Copenhagen City Council where he belonged to the Conservative group.
He was chairman of Vesterbro Landowners' Association in 1885-1904.
Møller married twice.
His first wife was Emilie Christine Marie Witt (22 June 1846 - 9 October 1894) a daughter of steward Hans Thomas Frederik Witt (1818-1910) and Sophie Louise Andersen (1818-53).
They were married on 8 December 1869 in the Garrison Church in Copenhagen.
His second wife was Sophie Cathinka Wilhelmine Knuppert (23 July 1854 - død 6 December 1938), a daughter of credit union managing director Frederik Louis Carl K. (1827-84) and Marie Elisabeth Jørgensen (1827-84).
They were married on 18 September 1895.
Møller was awarded the title of "Justitsråd" in 1901 and "Etatsråd" in 1908.
He was created a Knight in the Order of the Dannebrog in 1898 and was awarded the Cross of Honour in 1914.
He died on 26 August 1918 and is buried at Vestre Cemetery.
Linda Hargrove (basketball)
Linda Hargrove (born April 2, 1950) is a retired basketball coach.
Hargrove began coaching the women's basketball team at Cowley College from 1972 to 1989 before coaching the Wichita State Shockers women's basketball team from 1989 to 1998.
As a college basketball coach, Hargrove had 429 wins and 248 losses between the 1970s and 1990s.
In 1998, Hargrove went to the American Basketball League to coach the Colorado Xplosion for a year until the league closed.
From 2000 to 2002, Hargrove had 37 wins and 59 losses as the head coach and general manager of the Portland Fire.
After the Fire disbanded in 2002, Hargrove remained in the Women's National Basketball Association when she joined the Washington Mystics in 2003.
Hargrove started as a scout for the Mystics before being named assistant coach in 2004 and general manager in 2005.
Hargrove remained as the Mystics' general manager until her initial retirement in 2008.
Apart from the WNBA, Hargrove was an assistant coach for the United States women's national basketball team that won a medal at the 1990 FIBA World Championship for Women and 1992 Summer Olympics.
Hargrove was born in Great Bend, Kansas on April 2, 1950.
During high school, Hargrove competed in track and field and set a record in hurdles for her school.
For her post-secondary education, Hargrove received a Bachelor of Science from Southwestern College in 1975.
In 1985, she graduated from Wichita State with a master's degree and specialized in education.
Between 1972 to 1989, Hargrove had 316 wins and 112 losses while coaching the women's basketball team at Cowley College.
For the first fifteen years of her position, Hargrove was also Crowley's volleyball team, where she had 305 wins, 114 losses and 8 ties.
Other Cowley sports teams that Hargrove coached for during the 1970s were the track and field team for five years and the softball team for two years.
From 1989 to 1998, Hargrove was the Wichita State Shockers women's basketball coach.
During these years, Hargrove had 113 wins and 136 losses.
While working at Wichita State, Hargrove drafted players for the Long Beach StingRays in 1997.
In 1998, Hargrove became the head coach of the Colorado Xplosion and held the position until the American Basketball League closed that same year.
From 2000 to 2002, Hargrove was the head coach and general manager of the Portland Fire.
During her WNBA coaching tenure, Hargrove had 37 wins and 59 losses.
After the Fire disbanded in 2002, Hargrove joined the Washington Mystics as a scout in 2003.
The following year, Hargrove was selected as an assistant coach for the Mystics in 2004.
After working as the Mystics general manager from 2005 to 2008, Hargrove retired from basketball in 2008.
While working in house renovations, Hargrove returned to basketball in 2017 after becoming an interim head coach for the Wichita State women's basketball team.
Hargrove remained at Witchita State for two months before she resumed her retirement in 2018.
Outside of college sports, Hargrove was an assistant coach for the United States women's national basketball team between 1989 to 1992.
During this time period, Hargrove was part of the team that won gold at the 1990 FIBA World Championship for Women and bronze at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
In 1987, Hargrove was awarded the WBCA National Coach of the Year Award in the Two-Year College category.
In 2007, she was inducted into the Kansas Sports Hall of Fame.
Hargrove is married and has two children.
Clarissa Rile Hayward
Clarissa Rile Hayward is an American political scientist and political philosopher, currently a professor in political science at Washington University in St. Louis with affiliations in American culture studies, urban studies, and philosophy.
Hayward studies the theory of political power, how political phenomena relate to theories of identity, and urban politics in the United States.
Hayward obtained a BA in politics from Princeton University in 1988, both an MA and an MPhil from Yale University in 1994, and a PhD from Yale University in 1998.
In 1999, she became a professor at the Ohio State University, before moving to Washington University in St. Louis in 2007.
Hayward published her first book, "De-facing power", in 2000.
The book argues that the main conceptions of power in political theory assume that it necessarily consists of one group or individual reducing the capacity of others to act freely, so that it has a sort of "face" by which it can be identified.
The book challenges this negative liberty idea of power as a state of domination by one person over another.
Instead, Hayward builds on the post-structuralist work of Michel Foucault to argue that social power should be understood as a set or network of boundaries -- consisting of patterns like laws, norms, and institutions -- which can either constrain or enable action.
Hayward's second book, "How Americans Make Race: Stories, Institutions, Spaces", was published in 2013.
The book is partly motivated by a paradox in American racial inequality: how to reconcile the empirical reality of racial inequality with the pervasive norms against racism, and more broadly how to explain the tangible material consequences of identities if we understand identities only as cultural narratives that people associate themselves with.
Hayward uses the case of residential real estate to illustrate how apparently non-political motivations for this ubiquitous behavior, such as a desire for comfort and security, have origins in stories about racial identity that American culture has historically relied on to ensure that racial categories have material consequences, through tools like neighborhood segregation and the development of exclusive suburbs.
These ideas, which have shaped peoples' relationships to physical space, were explicitly rationalized by politicians and developers as those spaces were being developed, and these rationalizations were based on racial identities.
This book won the Urban Politics Section of the American Political Science Association's best book award for 2013.
Hayward is a member of the 2020-2024 editorial leadership of the American Political Science Review, which is the most selective political science journal.
She is also a past editor of "Political Research Quarterly" and the "Journal of Politics".
Hayward has written several news articles about contemporary American politics in venues like the Washington Post, Jacobin, and The St. Louis American, and has been quoted as an expert in venues like Time.
Duncan Norman
Duncan Norman MBE is a British diplomat, serving since 2016 as the British Ambassador to Albania.
Previously to this, he was the head of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office Afghanistan Unit.
He joined the FCO in 1990, and has also worked in Dhaka, Tortola, Yerevan and Riyadh.
He is married with one daughter.
Since his appointment to Albania he has engaged in activities such as celebrating the birthday of Queen Elizabeth II in Tirana and attending an event focusing on Albanian reforms of higher education.
In 2018, he attended a ceremony in Tirana to lay to rest 7 British airmen who fatally crashed in Albania during the Second World War.
Brown Sugar (IDER song)
"Brown Sugar" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter duo IDER for their debut album, "Emotional Education".
It was released on 1 February 2019 as the fourth single from the album.
"Brown Sugar" is a rhythm and blues-inspired track, which Marwick said was influenced by R&B artists such as Kendrick Lamar.
IDER used a Roland synthesiser heavily throughout the track.
They describe the track as "an empowering song about sex."
The "live" music video for "Brown Sugar" was released on 31 January 2019.
The video features IDER performing the song live, in a dark room with red lighting.
The video was directed by frequent IDER collaborator Lewis Knaggs.
Digital download
Jill McElmurry
Jill McElmurray (1954 – August 3, 2017) was a painter, writer and illustrator.
She was the illustrator of numerous books for children, including the "Little Blue Truck" series written by Alice Schertle and the self-penned "Mad About Plaid".
Her style features detailed gouache paintings with distinctive characters.
As a fine art painter, McElmurray initially worked in editorial illustration and later became known for her landscape paintings of New Mexico.
McElmurray was born in Los Angeles, California and moved to Taos, New Mexico with her family as a child, where they stayed for six years.
She came from a family of artists, including her father, a character designer for film companies including Walt Disney; her mother, a fashion illustrator; and her grandfather, an RKO Pictures scenic painter.
McElmurray studied briefly at SUNY Purchase and at the School of Visual Arts in New York.
McElmurray lived with her husband in Taos and in Good Dog Island, Minnesota until her death from breast cancer on August 3, 2017.
Deshane Dalling
Deshane Dalling (born 13 August 1998) is an English footballer who plays for Queens Park Rangers as a midfielder.
On 23 May 2018, Dalling signed a contract with Queens Park Rangers.
Dalling made his professional debut with Queens Park Rangers in a 5-1 FA Cup win over Swansea City on 5 January 2019.
List of international trips made by Ludwig Erhard
This is a list of international trips made by Ludwig Erhard, the 2nd Chancellor of Germany, during his tenure from 17 October 1963 to 30 November 1966.
Lechon (restaurant)
Lechon (or LeChon) is a South American restaurant in Portland, Oregon's Old Town Chinatown neighborhood, in the United States.
Jaco Smith opened the restaurant, which serves Argentine and Chilean cuisine, in August 2015.
In 2018, the restaurant was featured in the "Flavor Fiesta!"
episode of the sixteenth season of the Travel Channel's series "Food Paradise".
Lechon is housed in the Smith Block building, built in 1872, along Southwest Naito Parkway.
Michael Russell of "The Oregonian" described the menu as "global, with identifiably South American dishes -- fried empanadas, crab-stuffed piquillo peppers and an Argentine asado with grilled meats and sweetbreads -- alongside more Northwest-y bistro fare -- foie gras torchon with cherry mostarda, forest mushrooms and a farm egg on toasted brioche".
List of 2020 box office number-one films in South Korea
The following is a list of 2020 box office number-one films in South Korea.
When the number-one film in gross is not the same as the number-one film in admissions, both are listed.
List of Make It with You episodes
Make It with You is a 2020 Philippine drama television series broadcast by ABS-CBN.
The series premiered on the network's "Primetime Bida" evening block and worldwide via The Filipino Channel on January 13, 2020, replacing "Starla".
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Laird B-4
The Laird B-4, aka Laird 1915 biplane, was the fourth aircraft built by Matty Laird in the United States of America.
It was an excellent aerobatic aircraft and was used very effectively in performances by Laird, as well as by Katherine Stinson during her tour of Japan and China.
During the period when Matty Laird was performing as a barnstorming pilot, he designed this as an aerobatic aircraft for his own use.
He built the aircraft with assistance from his brother Charles and friend George E. “Buck” Weaver.
The aircraft was constructed from wood, fabric, and wire bracing.
It was powered by a six-cylinder Anzani radial engine.
Laird was approximately 20 years old when he built the aircraft.
Laird referred to the aircraft as “My Anzani-powered machine” as well as “Boneshaker” because the powerful engine generated such strong vibrations in the airplane.
The aircraft’s power and structural strength made it excellent for aerobatics, and Laird’s flying skill enabled him to take advantage of the aircraft’s characteristics and to perform several challenging maneuvers.
For instance, he performed the loop-the-loop, which only a few American pilots could perform prior to World War I. Laird’s performances in the aircraft generated significant public awareness of him and the aircraft.
Laird loaned the aircraft to Katherine Stinson for her 1916-1917 flying exhibition tour to Japan and China.
This tour created tremendous attention for Stinson and for Laird’s aircraft within and beyond the two countries.
Laird donated the aircraft to the Henry Ford Museum and it is on display there.
Apostolic Delegation to the Arabian Peninsula
The Apostolic Delegation to the Arabian Peninsula, originally the Apostolic Delegation to the Red Sea Region, represents the interests of the Holy See to officials of the Catholic Church, civil society, and government offices to several nations in the region.
The Holy See and the governments of those countries have not established diplomatic relations and the position of Apostolic Delegate is not a diplomatic one, though the Delegate is a member of the diplomatic service of the Holy See.
Pope Paul VI established the Delegation to the Red Sea Region seated in Khartoum, Sudan, on 3 July 1969, with responsibility for Sudan, Somalia, the French Territory of the Afars and the Issas (present-day Djibouti), and the Arabian peninsula.
With the creation of the Nunciature to Sudan in 1972, the same prelate held both titles until the Secretariat of State made more general changes in 1992.
Pope John Paul II created two separate Apostolic Delegations to Djibouti and to Somalia and renamed the Delegation to the Red Sea Region the Delegation to the Arabian Peninsula, now based in Kuwait City, on 26 March 1992, detailing its responsibilities as Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates, Oman, and Yemen.
The Delegate to the Arabian Peninsula is also the Apostolic Nuncio to Kuwait.
With the establishment of diplomatic relations between the Holy See and Yemen (1998), Bahrain (2000), Qatar (2002), and United Arab Emirates (2007), the Delegation to the Arabian Sea remains responsible for Oman and Saudi Arabia.
Johann Heinrich von Anethan
Johann Heinrich von Anethan (1618–1693) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Cologne (1680–1693), Auxiliary Bishop of Trier (1676–1680), and Auxiliary Bishop of Hildesheim (1665–1676).
Johann Heinrich von Anethan was born in Trier, Germany in 1618.
On 6 July 1665, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VII as Titular Bishop of "Hierapolis in Isauria" and Auxiliary Bishop of Hildesheim.
On 21 September 1665, he was consecrated bishop by Max Heinrich von Bayern, Archbishop of Cologne.
On 13 November 1676, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XI as Auxiliary Bishop of Trier.
On 6 February 1680, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XI as Auxiliary Bishop of Cologne.
He served as Auxiliary Bishop of Cologne until his death on 18 June 1693.
While bishop, he was the principal consecrator of:
and the principal co-consecrator of:
Administrator's House, Christmas Island
The Administrator's House is a heritage-listed former official residence and now museum located 1.5km south-west of Flying Fish Cove in the Australian territory of Christmas Island.
It was added to the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.
It is also known as Tai Jin House
The Administrator's House is a substantial, two storey residence, with a semi-detached service and servants wing, surrounded by a well developed garden.
The residence is sited in a prominent location looking across Flying Fish Cove and can be seen from various vantage points on the higher terraces.
The style and location of the residence appears to have been designed to emphasise the eminence of the Administrator.
In 1965 the ground floor exterior doorways which had timber arches and lattice work infill were altered, the arches were bricked and the lattice work replaced by glass with etched patterns resembling the earlier lattice work.
A portico was also added with a balcony above it.
Upstairs windows, which were wood shuttered, were glazed.
Immediately to the north of the Administrator's House stand a number of ammunition bunkers and a gun emplacement which still contains a 6inch naval gun.
The complex also contains accommodation and support buildings including a gaol.
On the cliff, approximately 10m above the gun, is an observation post and ranging station.
The ruins of a Japanese washhouse is reported to be beyond the gun emplacement.
The gun emplacement was built before World War Two for the installation of the 6inch naval gun and a detachment of troops was stationed there.
In March 1942 the detachment mutinied on the eve of the Japanese occupation of the island and several officers were killed.
The occupying Japanese later took control of the site for the duration of the war.
In 2020, the house serves as a museum documenting the history of Christmas Island.
The wider house precinct, including the former ammunition bunkers, gun emplacement and observation post and ranging station just to the north of the house, are also included in the heritage listing.
The Administrator's House was extensively remodelled in 1965 although the service area is little altered from its original form.
The gun emplacement complex is intact despite the post war conversion of the ammunition bunkers to provide servants' quarters and other support functions for the Administrator's House.
(1993)
The Administrators House Precinct was listed on the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.
The Administrator's House is a historic reminder and symbol of colonial rule of Christmas Island, when it was incorporated into the Straits Settlement of Singapore and has been the focus for official duties and functions.
The imposing scale of the residence and its location in a prominent position looking across Flying Fish Cove emphasises the previous social importance of the Administrator and provides an important visual focal point from several other parts of the settlement.
The gun emplacement and ammunition bunkers have historical significance as a reminder of earlier military threats to the Island and through their direct association with the 1942 mutiny and the subsequent Japanese invasion of the Island.
Crusade of 1267
The Crusade of 1267 was a military expedition from the Upper Rhenish regions of the Holy Roman Empire for the defence of the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
It was one of several minor crusades of the 1260s that resulted from a period of Papally-sponsored crusade preaching of unprecedented intensity.
The only major crusade to come of it was the Eighth Crusade in 1270.
Something is known of the preaching and organization of the crusade, but nothing for certain of its results.
Several hundred crusaders and pilgrims did reach the Kingdom of Jerusalem under the leadership of two ministerials, but they probably waited in vain for the arrival of the Eighth Crusade without undertaking major military actions.
Most of the crusaders of 1267 returned home before the Eighth Crusade even set out.
The main source for the Crusade of 1267 is the "Bassler Chronick" of Christian Wurstisen, which appeared in 1580.
Although a late source with a confused chronology, Wurstisen is generally reliable and his chronology can be corrected by other sources.
In response to the recent attacks of the Egyptian sultan Baibars against the Kingdom of Jerusalem, which had resulted in the loss of Arsuf and Caesarea, Pope Clement IV issued the bull "Expansis in cruce" authorising a formal crusade in August 1265.
It was sent to France, Germany and Scandinavia.
The preaching of the new crusade was entrusted to the German bishops and to the Dominican and Franciscan friars in January 1266.
According to the "Chronica minor auctore Minorita Erphordiensi":
In the year of our Lord 1266, Pope Clement sent out letters throughout the kingdom of Germany commanding the Dominicans and Franciscans to preach the cross faithfully and urgently against the Sultan of Babylon, who is the Pharaoh of Egypt, and against the Saracens overseas, so that the suffering of the Christians [there] might be alleviated and for the support of the Holy Land.
Recruitment was poor except in Alsace, the Sundgau and Basel.
There preaching was conducted by Achilles, former head of the Dominican priory in Basel.
He recruited an army of more than 500 that gathered in Basel in early 1267.
Out of the same kingdom-wide preaching campaign and Papal bull, several leading noblemen of the Empire opted to crusade against Prussia instead of in the Holy Land.
These included King Ottokar II of Bohemia, Duke Albert I of Brunswick, Margrave Henry III of Meissen and Margrave Otto III of Brandenburg.
The "Chronica minor" also reports that many of those recruited in Germany in 1266 were pressed into serving Count Charles I of Anjou in his conquest of the Kingdom of Sicily, which had Papal sanction as a crusade against the pope's main rivals in Italy, the German Staufer dynasty.
The crusaders that gathered at Basel were placed under the leadership of two knights, Sigfrid Mönch and Hemman (Johannes) Schaler, who were ministerials of the bishopric of Basel.
The crusade lacked a noble leader, since ministerials were legally serfs.
According to the "Annales Basileenses", the Mönch and Schaler families held a "court" in Basel in 1266.
This is most likely the annual tournament held on 8 September by the "Psitticher" (Parrots), one of the municipal factions in Basel to which both the Mönch and Schaler families belonged.
The famous poet Konrad von Würzburg, who was living in Basel and an associate of the "Psitticher" at the time, may even have composed his poem "Der Welt Lohn" as a piece of crusade propaganda for the occasion.
One other known crusade song may have been composed on the occasion of the Crusade of 1267: "Hilf, herre, den die dîner muoter nîgen!"
by Hawart.
The Rhenish crusaders were probably only permitted to go to the Holy Land because of the death of King Manfred of Sicily, Charles of Anjou's rival, the previous year.
They left Basel during Lent (2 March–10 April) and travelled overland to Genoa, where they would have arrived in late April or early May.
There they reportedly met a Mongol delegation returning from a mission to Aragon and travelled with it to Acre.
This was probably not the same embassy that returned to Mongolia with a Papal ambassador, Jayme Alaric, since that group must only have departed after 20 August, too late for the crusading army that arrived in the spring.
A Genoese war fleet of 25 ships under Luchetto Grimaldi is known to have left Genoa in late June and arrived in Acre, the capital of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, on 16 August.
This, a fleet equipped for war against Venice, is probably the fleet that carried the Rhenish crusaders.
Of the actions of this small crusade in the Holy Land little is known.
Several crusaders managed to complete their pilgrimage to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Muslim territory, where some of them were knighted.
It is likely that the army avoided any military confrontations with the Baibars' forces in anticipation of the arrival of the armies of the Eighth Crusade.
The army of King Louis IX of France (who took the cross in March 1267) did not go to the Holy Land in any case, instead attacking Tunis in 1270.
Likewise, the Lord Edward's crusade did not arrive in Acre until 1271.
They could have taken part in the defence of Antioch, which fell to Baibars on 18 May 1268.
Most of the Upper Rhenish crusaders returned home in the period 1269–1270.
A literary echo of the Crusade of 1267 may be found in the novella "Peter von Staufenberg", written in 1310 by Egenolf von Staufenberg.
Although the novella is completely fictional, the prototype for the title character is the historical Peter von Staufenberg, who is documented in 1274 and 1287.
It is probable that the novella's story of the knighting of Peter at the Holy Sepulchre was based on the real Peter's participation in the Crusade of 1267.
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 73
Route 73 is a east-west highway on the Avalon Peninsula of Newfoundland.
It connects the towns of New Harbour and Spaniard's Bay via Tilton and Route 70.
The majority of Route 73 is known as New Harbour Road, except within the town limits of Spaniard's Bay, where it is known as Back Track Road.
Route 73 begins at an intersection with Route 80 (Trinity Road) in the eastern most part of New Harbour.
It heads east through rural wooded terrain for several miles to enter the Spaniard's Bay town limits, and Tilton, to have an interchange with Route 75 (Veterans Memorial Highway).
The highway passes through neighborhoods before coming to an end at an intersection with Route 70 (Conception Bay Highway).
K. Hovnanian Children’s Hospital
The K. Hovnanian Children's Hospital at Jersey Shore University Medical Center is a pediatric acute care hospital located in Neptune Township, New Jersey.
The hospital has 88 beds.
It is affiliated with both the Hackensack Meridian School of Medicine at Seton Hall University and Robert Wood Johnson Medical School, and is a member of Hackensack Meridian Health.
The hospital provides comprehensive pediatric specialties and subspecialties to pediatric patients aged 0-22 throughout Coastal New Jersey.
K. Hovnanian Children's Hospital features the only pediatric trauma center in the region, and 1 of 3 in the state.
K. Hovnanian Children's Hospital was named after builder Kevork Hovnanian after his foundation contributed the "largest donation the hospital had seen in its 101 year history."
In 2012 and 2017, K. Hovnanian Children's Hospital was listed as a Nurse Magnet hospital by the ANCC.
In 2019, the hospital also received the prestigious International Board Certified Lactation Consultant certification and provides a location for mothers to breastfeed.
In 2020, the hospital was ranked #44 nationally in the field of Pediatric Cancer by U.S. News & World Report.
K. Hovnanian Children's Hospital also partners with Ocean Medical Center, Riverview Medical Center, Southern Ocean Medical Center, and Bayshore Medical Center to provide pediatric care to the entire surrounding region of Hackensack Meridian Health hospitals.
Bungalow 702
Bungalow 702 is a heritage-listed house at Lam Lok Loh, Drumsite, Christmas Island, Australia.
It was added to the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.
Bungalow 702 is a rendered brick masonry and timber building on rendered masonry piles with prominent concrete caps, set approximately 1.5m above ground level, accessed by concrete steps.
The building has a central gable-roofed section with masonry walls surrounded by a skillion-roofed enclosed verandah of timber framing.
The roof cladding is in asbestos cement sheet.
Servants quarters are located at the rear of the building, connected by a covered way and roofing is corrugated asbestos cement, with newer sections in corrugated fibre-cement.
This building retains its angled ventilation shutters to the verandah openings.
Servants quarters are of rendered concrete masonry with a gable roof clad in corrugated asbestos cement.
There is a strong oral tradition on Christmas Island that this bungalow was used by the Japanese as a radio station during the Island's occupation in World War Two.
The bungalow has become a symbol of this phase of the Island's history and is of considerable social significance to the Christmas Island community.
The building was damaged by a storm in March 1988 during which sections of the roof were blown off and less serious damage sustained in other parts of the building.
The building was re-roofed in 1991.
The building has since been sold and was in the process of being refurbished in January 2001.
Supreme Ruler of Russia
The Supreme Ruler of Russia (, ), also referred to as the Supreme Leader of Russia, was the Head of State and Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Russian State, an anti-Bolshevik government established by the White Movement during the Russian Civil War.
For nearly two years from November 1918 until April 1920, the armies of the White Movement were nominally united under the administration of the Russian State, during which the Russian State claimed to be the sole legal government of Russia.
The office's sole holder for most of its existence, and the only one to officially adopt the titles and functions of the "Supreme Ruler", was Admiral Alexander Kolchak, who was elected to the position by the All-Russian Council of Ministers following the November 18 coup which overthrew the Directory.
All commanders of the White armies in the south and west of Russia, as well as in Siberia and the Far East recognized the Supreme Ruler; at the turn of May — June 1919, the generals Anton Denikin, Yevgeny Miller, and Nikolai Yudenich voluntarily submitted to Alexander Kolchak and officially recognized his Supreme Command over all armies in Russia.
The Supreme Commander at the same time confirmed the powers of commanders.
For nearly two years, Alexander Kolchak served as Russia's internationally recognized Head of State, and was supported both diplomatically and militarily by the former Allies of World War I.
On 4 January 1920, Kolchak announced his resignation, granting the office of Supreme Ruler to Anton Denikin.
Denikin served as the final acting Supreme Ruler of the Russian State, though he accepted neither the titles or functions of the office, which was finally declared extinct on 4 April 1920.
On September 23, 1918, the “Act on the Formation of the All-Russian Supreme Power” of the Ufa State Conference created the Provisional All-Russian Government (the “Ufa Directory”) and established that this government would be “until the convocation of the All-Russian Constituent Assembly ... the only bearer of supreme power throughout the Russian state”.
On November 4, 1918 the executive body of the Directory was formed - the All-Russian Council of Ministers.
The Directory ceased to function as a result of the events of the night of November 17-18, 1918, when a group of Cossack troops deployed in Omsk arrested the Director of the Directory, N. D. Avksentiev, a member of the Directory, V. M. Zenzinov, and a deputy member of Directory A.
A. Argunov, as well as a friend of the Minister of the Interior, head of the secret service, E. F. Rogovsky.
All those arrested were members of the Party of Socialist Revolutionaries (SRs).
On the morning of November 18, the Council of Ministers convened at an emergency meeting with the participation of two members of the Directory - P.V.
Vologodsky and V.A.
Vinogradov, discussing the situation, recognized the Directory as non-existent, announced that it would assume the fullness of the supreme authority, and concluded that it was necessary to invest "The full concentration of military and civil power in the hands of one person with an authoritative name in the military and public circles."
A decision was made in principle “to transfer temporarily the exercise of supreme power to one person, relying on the assistance of the Council of Ministers, assigning such a person the name of the Supreme Ruler", after which a "Regulation on the temporary arrangement of state power in Russia" (the so-called "constitution of November 18"), which established, in particular, the relationship between the Supreme Ruler and the Council of Ministers.
According to the memoirs of Vologodsky, the title "Supreme Ruler" was adopted at a meeting of the Council of Ministers without any preliminary discussions and disputes: "When we got to the question of who to choose as Head of State, we decided to give him the name "Supreme Ruler" and arrange constitutional guarantees".
By secret ballot of the members of the Council of Ministers, Vice Admiral A.V.
Kolchak, who was simultaneously promoted to full admiral, was elected to the post of Supreme Ruler.
Kolchak declared his agreement with the election, and as his first order in the army announced the assumption of the title of Supreme Commander-in-Chief and determined the main directions of the forthcoming work as the Supreme Ruler:
The Russian government was formed, which worked until January 4, 1920.
The powers of the Supreme Ruler largely copied the pre-revolutionary Russian legislation.
According to Article 47 of the Code of Basic Laws, “The Governor of the State relied on the Council of Government; and both the Ruler without the Council, and the Council without the Ruler cannot exist.
” According to article 48, members of the Council were appointed by the Ruler himself.
The competence of the Council fell into "all cases without withdrawal, subject to the decision of the Emperor himself and all those that come both to Him and to His Council" (under Article 50, all matters relating to the direction of domestic and foreign policy).
According to Article 51, “The Ruler has a decisive vote” when discussing all issues.
According to the "Constitution of November 18, 1918", legislative power and initiative were carried out by the Supreme Ruler and the Council of Ministers “collectively”.
The Council of Ministers was charged with conducting preliminary discussions of all laws, and not a single law could enter into force without its approval.
At the same time, the Supreme Ruler had the right to "absolute veto".
On May 9, 1919, the Russian government approved the symbols of the Supreme Ruler - a flag and a pennant with a double-headed eagle, but without the signs of "royal" power.
On June 24, 1919, in order to "ensure the continuity and continuity of the High Command", the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces in the South of Russia, Lieutenant General A. I. Denikin, was appointed.
In early December 1919, A. V. Kolchak raised with his government the question of "renunciation in favor of Denikin."
On December 22, the Council of Ministers of the Russian Government adopted the following decree: “In order to ensure the continuity and succession of all-Russian power, the Council of Ministers decided: to assign the duties of the Supreme Ruler in the event of a serious illness or death of the Supreme Ruler, as well as in case of his resignation or his long absence, to the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces in the South of Russia, Lieutenant General Denikin".
On January 4, 1920, A.V.
Kolchak issued a decree in Nizhneudinsk, which "in view of the foregone conclusion ... of the transfer of supreme All-Russian power to the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces in the South of Russia, Lieutenant General Denikin".
As Denikin himself testifies in his memoirs, in the midst of the grave defeats of the Armed Forces of the South of Russia and the political crisis, he considered it completely unacceptable to "accept the appropriate name and functions" and refused to accept the title of Supreme Ruler, motivating his decision with "lack of official information about events in the East".
On April 4, 1920, Denikin, under pressure from the generals, was forced to transfer the post of Commander-in-Chief to Lieutenant General Baron P.N.
Wrangel, and left for England on the same day.
Wrangel accepted the appointment and issued an order to take office.
On April 6, the Governing Senate in Yalta issued a decree declaring that the "new people's leader" henceforth "belongs to all power, military and civil, without any restrictions."
On April 11, P. N. Wrangel accepted the title “Ruler and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces in the South of Russia”, effectively rendering the office of Supreme Ruler extinct and bringing about the dissolution of the Russian State, after which the activities of the White Army in the Far East came under the authority of the Far Eastern Army of Ataman G.M.
Semyonov, and subsequently the Provisional Priamurye Government under M.K.
Diterikhs.
In the summer of 1920, A. I. Guchkov turned to Denikin with a request “to complete the patriotic feat and to vest Baron Wrangel with a special solemn act ... by the successive All-Russian power”, but he refused to sign such a document.
Soon after the evacuation of the Whites from the Crimea, on April 5, 1921, the Russian Council was created in Constantinople under the Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Army, chaired by P.N.
Wrangel, thought by its creators to be a prototype of the Russian government in exile.
However, they did not succeed in gaining recognition as such by either foreign governments or even other emigrant groups.
As a result, on September 20, 1922, the Russian Council ceased its activities.
Vladimir Zhirinovsky, the leader of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia and a perennial candidate for President of Russia, has on several occasions proposed renaming the office of "President of the Russian Federation" to "Supreme Ruler of Russia", (, ), rejecting the use of the foreign loan word "Президент" ("Prezident") as being "un-Russian".
2019–20 UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men's basketball team
The 2019–20 UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men's basketball team represent the University of California, Santa Barbara in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Gauchos, led by 3rd-year head coach Joe Pasternack, play their home games at The Thunderdome in Santa Barbara, California as members of the Big West Conference.
The Gauchos finished the 2018–19 season 22–10 overall, 10–6 in Big West play, finishing in 2nd place.
In the Big West Tournament, they defeated Cal State Northridge in the quarterfinals, before falling to Cal State Fullerton in the semifinals.
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Big West regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Big West Tournament
Source
Mulberry Gap, Tennessee
A community in northwestern Hancock County along .
This community is unincorporated.
Gift Box
Gift Box (foaled March 23rd, 2013) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and the winner of the 2019 Santa Anita Handicap .
Gift Box's first race was on August 22nd, 2015 at Saratoga, where he came in third.
He picked up his next win in his second race at Belmont Park on October 3rd, 2015.
He came in 3rd place in his first graded race, at the Grade 2 Remsen Stakes on November 28th, 2015.
He then picked up another win at Belmont on May 26th, 2015.
His next win did not come until March 24th, 2018, when he won at the Aqueduct.
He turned his career around when he won the Grade-2 San Antonio Handicap on December 26th, 2018.
This was his first victory in a graded race.
His next race was on April 6th, 2019.
He competed in his second Grade-1 race, this time at the Santa Anita Handicap, where he was victorious.
He came in 2nd at the May 27th, 2019 Gold Cup at Santa Anita Stakes and then came in 4th at the June 15th, 2019 Stephen Foster Handicap.
However, he competed in one last race in 2019 - the December 28th, 2019 San Antonio Handicap, where he won the race for the second time.
Allen University Historic District
Allen University Historic District is a historic district in Columbia, South Carolina that includes buildings on the campus of Allen University, originally established as Payne Institute.
Buildings in the district include Arnett Hall, the Chappelle Administration Building (itself listed individually as a National Landmark designed by John Anderson Lankford), Coppin Hall, the Joseph Simon Flippen Library, and the Canteen Building.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places April 14,1975.
The address is 1530 Harden Street.
Originally in a suburb, th universitcy is now near downtown.
The school was named for Richard Allen who founded the African Methodist Episcopal Church (A.M.E. Church])/.
The university was one of several universities established by the A.M.E. Church in the South after the American Civil War and opened four years after the University of South Carolina offiially excluded African Americans.
Property in Columbia was purchased in 1881 and the first major building constructed in 1888.
The district features four main buildings that were completed from 1891 to 1941 around the campus green.
The architecture includes red brick construction, white columns, and classical elements.
Drumsite Industrial Area
The Drumsite Industrial Area is a heritage-listed industrial precinct at Drumsite in the Australian territory of Christmas Island.
It was added to the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.
The Drumsite Industrial Area comprises the remnants of the former incline railway between Drumsite and the power house in Flying Fish Cove, the Spray Painting Shop at the top of the railway and the Sample Shed, now located near the Laboratory.
The area has played an important role in the history of phosphate mining on Christmas Island; however, most of the site is now a modern industrial site.
The main area of heritage interest is the remains of the incline railway, constructed in 1914 and the 1930s ore chute system, although other elements have value to segments of the current island community.
The railway was the main means of transport between the cove settlement and the upper terrace until construction of the modern road to Poon Saan from 1958.
The incline railway began at Drumsite and terminated near the old power station in the main settlement precinct.
The average gradient of the line was 1 in 6.5.
The permanent way comprises two standard gauge tracks, with a concrete strip between.
One track was for rail traffic going up, the other for rail cars going down.
Motor vehicles could use the strip in between.
At Drumsite, loaded rail wagons were attached to a cable while empty wagons at the bottom of the incline were similarly attached.
The empty wagons provided some counterbalance to the full wagons, but the essential power and control was supplied by winding gear which wound the cables over drums at Drumsite.
Goods and people were also raised and lowered on the incline.
The incline railway system was fundamental to the success and expansion of the mining operation permitting large volumes of ore to be moved from the mining site to the lower terrace for export.
It was also a considerable technical achievement.
The industrial area also includes the sample shed and paint shed which both apparently housed part of the incline winding gear.
The roof of the sample shed includes an unusual arrangement of curving steel struts and is of architectural and technical interest.
The Drumsite industrial area is now generally a modern industrial site with only a limited number of early historic remains.
One half of the incline track is currently used to channel storm water down to the lower terrace, which keeps this half of the track clear.
The other half of the incline track is heavily overgrown.
The sample shed has been moved from its original position to a location near the laboratory.
In 1998, it was being used to house phosphate samples, and at that time was reported to be in fair and structurally sound condition.
Drumsite Industrial Area was listed on the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.
The incline railway, 1930s chute and winding gear sheds are historically and scientifically significant as evidence of previous phases of the mining industry on Christmas Island and earlier industrial technology.
The incline railway is of particular significance as it was fundamental to the success and expansion of the phosphate mining operation on Christmas Island and therefore the development of the Island community, as well as being an outstanding technical and engineering achievement.
Claragh Mountain
Claragh Mountain or Clara Mountain (Irish:"Sléibhe na Clárach") is a mountain in Millstreet, north-west Cork in Ireland.
It is part of the Derrynasaggart Mountain range which spreads across the Cork-Kerry border.
The foot of the mountain is located 1km west of Millstreet, the mountain overlooks the town with its cross near the summit.
The mountain is very popular to climb and also has a walking trail around the mountain called the Claragh Loop.
Charles W. Forward
Charles Walter Forward (1863-1934) was a British animal rights activist and historian of vegetarianism.
Forward authored many publications on vegetarianism and was editor of the Vegetarian Jubilee Library.
Forward has been described as a historian of the vegetarian movement.
His best known work "Fifty Years of Food Reform", was published in 1898.
It was the first book to document the history of the vegetarian movement in England and covered vegetarians such as William Lambe, G. Nicholson, John Frank Newton, John Oswald, Richard Phillips, Joseph Ritson and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
The book also mentions historical vegetarian ideals expressed from the classical period onward from writers such as Plutarch and Pythagoras.
In 1897, Forward edited John Smith's vegetarian book "Fruits and Farinacea".
The book was heavily criticized by the "British Medical Journal" as non-scientific.
Forward speaking at the National Vegetarian Congress in 1899 argued that although the vegetarian movement was increasing, vegetarian restaurants in London had decreased in number.
He noted that affordable tinned meat had become widely available and how some of the purported vegetarian restaurants were not strictly vegetarian as they were serving meat dishes.
In 1913, Forward contributed the chapter "Slaughter-House Cruelties" to the book "The Under Dog", edited by Sidney Trist.
The book documented the wrongs suffered by animals at the hand of man.
Forward edited "The Animals' Guardian", subtitled "A Humane Journal for the Better Protection of Animals".
This monthly periodical was published by the London and Provincial Anti-Vivisection Society.
James Hadden
James Hadden may refer to:
Tom Peerless
Thomas Peerless (1858–1896), commonly known as Tom Peerless, was an Australian artist who painted primarily in watercolour.
He signed his paintings "T. Peerless" or, less frequently, with his initials "T. P."
Peerless was born in Brighton, England on 18 March 1858 the eldest son of fourteen children born to David John Fitzgerald and his wife Emily (nee Pockney).
He emigrated to Australia arriving in Sydney about 1880.
He typically painted scenes of the Blue Mountains (New South Wales) and New Zealand landscapes.
In 1895 three of his paintings were selected for inclusion in the Opening Exhibition of the Queensland National Art Gallery in Brisbane but his death from tuberculosis the following year at age 38 prematurely ended his promising painting career.
He is represented in the collections of the Auckland Art Gallery, University of Otago Library (Hocken Collections), Manly Art Gallery and Museum, Mitchell Library, State Library of New South Wales and National Library of Australia.
Peerless died in Albury on 30 April 1896 and was survived by his wife Mary and daughters Constance and Elsie.
John Thomson (Australian businessman)
John Thomson (1887–1960) was a Western Australian businessman who was general manager of Wesfarmers for 32 years, from 1925 to his retirement in 1957.
Thompson developed the concept of bulk wheat handling, established the radio station 6WF, and founded the first milk pasteurisation plant in Western Australia.
The John Thomson Agricultural Economics Centre at the University of Western Australia's Institute of Agriculture was named after him.
It was established in 1962 to research the economic perspective of the state's agricultural problems.
Malay Kampong Group
Malay Kampong Group is a heritage-listed Malay precinct at Jalan Panyai, Flying Fish Cove in the Australian territory of Christmas Island.
It was added to the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.
The Malay Kampong Group comprises the Malay Club, Mosque, Malay Quarters and the adjacent Malay School, the sheep pens to the north of the Malay Club, and the original Malay Cemetery located 300m south-west of the Mosque.
Chinese labourers provided most of the manual labour during the early phase of mining on Christmas Island, although later Singapore and Malaya became increasingly important sources of indentured labourers.
Malays, from both Cocos-Keeling and Malaya, currently comprise approximately one fifth of the Island's population.
The buildings in the Malay Kampong area collectively represent the cultural diversity of this group and their endeavours to keep their religious laws and traditions living in a remote, alien setting.
The sites of special significance to the Malay community include the former Malay quarters (Buildings 404, 405, 406 and 407), the Islamic School behind this group of buildings, the Mosque and Malay Club and the sheep pens and slaughter house and an early and possibly the first, Malay cemetery on the Island whose exact location is uncertain.
The Malay Club sustained damage during a storm in March 1988.
The precinct has a relative degree of intactness.
In 2001, it was reported that there had been some major changes nearby, with some demolition and new construction.
The Mosque was reported as generally sound, but showing cracks and rotting timber, the Malay School is good condition and having been painted recently, the former Malay quarters in good condition, and other buildings in poor to average condition.
The Malay Club was reported to be in fair condition, but showing some seaside corrosion affects, rotting timbers and holes in walling.
The Malay Kampong Group was listed on the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.
The places that make up the Malay Kampong area are of special significance to the Malay community of Christmas Island and reflect the ways of life of a cultural minority in Australia.
The Kampong Area represents one of the main cultural groups on Christmas Island and their endeavours to maintain their religious laws and traditions in a remote setting.
Ángela Valle
Ángela Valle (née Etna María de los Ángeles Valle Cerrato; January 7, 1927 - May 9 , 2003) was a Honduran writer, journalist, and essayist.
In 1967, she was awarded the first prize "Premio Nacional de Poesía Juan Ramón Molina".
Etna María de los Ángeles Valle Cerrato was born in Comayagüela, January 7, 1927.
Her parents were Bernardo Valle Hernández and Ana Leonor Cerrato Salgado.
In her youth, in honor of her paternal grandmother, Ángela Hernández, she adopted the pseudonym of Ángela Valle.
Valle worked as a journalist in Honduras for various newspapers, including "El Día", "El Cronista", and La Prensa.
As a poet, she composed in a traditional way, using the sonnet or long and rhymed poems, but also using modern forms of free verse.
Her work has been incorporated into various anthologies of literature such as "Poesía hondureña del siglo XX" by Claude Couffon, 1997.
She died in Tegucigalpa, May 9, 2003.
Gabriella Smith
Gabriella Smith (born December 26, 1991) is an American composer from the San Francisco Bay Area.
Smith was born in Berkeley, California.
As a teenager, she was very interested in biology, ecology, and conservation, and she spent five years volunteering on a songbird research project in Point Reyes, California.
Smith began learning the violin at age seven and began composing soon thereafter.
Later, she was mentored by John Adams as a part of his Young Composers Program in Berkeley.
She received her Bachelors of Music in composition from the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadephia in 2013, and was an ArtistYear fellow there during the 2015-16 season.
She is currently a doctoral candidate at Princeton University, and has been living in Marseille, France since 2017.
Smith enjoys hiking, backpacking, birding, playing capoeira, and making underwater recordings with a hydrophone.
Smith's works have been performed by the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Roomful of Teeth, Eighth Blackbird, Bang on a Can All Stars, the Nashville Symphony, YMusic, the Aizuri Quartet, the Dover Quartet, the Cabrillo Festival Orchestra, the PRISM Quartet, and others.
Her piece "Tumblebird Contrails" was commissioned by the Pacific Harmony Foundation and premiered in 2014 by the Cabrillo Festival Orchestra, conducted by Marin Alsop.
In January of 2019, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, conducted by John Adams, performed the piece as part of its centennial season.
Her string quartet "Carrot Revolution" was written in 2015 for the Aizuri Quartet, having been commissioned by the Barnes Foundation for their exhibition The Order of Things.
In November of 2019, it was performed by members of the Los Angeles Philharmonic as a part of their Green Umbrella concert series.
The Curtis Symphony Orchestra commissioned a work from Smith, set to be performed on its domestic tour in January-February of 2020, culminating in a performance in Carnegie Hall.
Smith is a recipient of a BMI Student Composer Award (2018), the ASCAP Leo Kaplan Award (2014), and three ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer Awards.
She has also won the American Modern Ensemble Ninth Annual Composition Competition (2015), the Theodore Presser Foundation Music Award (2012), and the First Place Prize in the 2009 Pacific Musical Society Composition Competition.
Hamid El Kasri
Hamid El Kasri (; born 1961) is a Moroccan Gnawa musician traditionally considered a "maâlem" (), or "master musician."
Born in Ksar El Kebir, Morocco, he now lives in Rabat.
He began training at age seven, taught by Maâlem Abdelouahed Stitou and Maâlem Alouane.
El Kasri is famed for his deep, intense voice, which has made him one of the most sought-after maâlems, both in Morocco and abroad.
In addition to singing, he performs on the "guembri" (), a three-stringed bass instrument.
He is noted for having blended the Gnawa rhythms of the north and south of the Morocco.
Having made a name for himself outside Morocco, El Kasri performs regularly with foreign musicians.
Several of these occasions have been at the Gnaoua World Music Festival.
In 2004, he played at the festival with Joe Zawinul, later performing there with Karim Ziad in 2010, and Hamayun Kahn and Shahin Shahida in 2011.
In 2018, El Kasri opened the Gnaoua World Music Festival with Snarky Puppy, a Brooklyn-based jazz jam band.
In 2018, El Kasri performed with Jacob Collier at the BBC Proms, as a part of Prom 7.
Later that year, he was featured on Collier's album Djesse Vol.
1, appearing on the song "Everlasting Motion."
West Virginia's 15th Senate district
West Virginia's 15th Senate district is one of 17 districts in the West Virginia Senate.
It is currently represented by Republicans Craig Blair and Charles S. Trump.
All districts in the West Virginia Senate elect two members to staggered four-year terms.
District 15 is based in the state's Eastern Panhandle, covering all of Hampshire and Morgan Counties and parts of Berkeley and Mineral Counties.
Communities within the district include Fort Ashby, Wiley Ford, Romney, Berkeley Springs, and Inwood.
The district is largely within West Virginia's 2nd congressional district, with a small portion extending into the 1st district.
It overlaps with the 54th, 56th, 57th, 58th, 59th, 60th, 61st, 62nd, 63rd, and 64th districts of the West Virginia House of Delegates.
It borders the states of Maryland, and Virginia.
Yolanda Díaz
Yolanda Díaz Pérez (born 6 May 1971) is a Spanish politician and lawyer specialised in Labor law, serving as Minister of Labour and Social Economy since 2020.
A member of the Congress of Deputies since 2016, she has previously been a former Ferrol municipal councillor (2003–2012) and member of the Parliament of Galicia (2012–2016).
She was the National Coordinator of Esquerda Unida (EU) from 2005 to 2017.
Born in San Valentín, Fene, on 6 May 1971, next to the mammoth shipyard of Astilleros y Talleres del Noroeste (ASTANO), she is a member of a family of renowned trade unionists in Galicia active in the anti-francoist militancy.
She joined the Communist Party at an early age.
Díaz obtained a licentiate degree in Law at the University of Santiago de Compostela (USC), and after earning three post-graduate degrees, she started to work as paralegal for a law firm, later registering as lawyer and opening her own law firm, specialising in labor law.
She entered institutional politics in 2003, when she became member of the Ferrol municipal council.
In 2005, she was elected leader (National Coordinator) of Esquerda Unida (EU), the Galician federation of United Left (IU).
She stood as candidate in the list of the Galician Left Alternative (AGE) coalition between EU and Anova vis-à-vis the October 2012 Galician regional election, becoming a member of the 9th Parliament of Galicia in representation of A Coruña.
She ran in the En Marea list for the 2015 general election becoming a member of the 11th term of the Lower House of the Spanish parliament.
She has renovated her seat at the 2016, April 2019 and November 2019 general elections, running respectively as candidate for the En Marea, En Común–Unidas Podemos and Galicia en Común alliances.
She left the role of Coordinator General of EU in June 2017, being replaced by Eva Solla.
Appointed as Minister of Labour and Social Economy of the Sánchez II Government, she was sworn in on 13 January 2020.
Díaz, who put the struggle against precarious work as the main goal of her mandate, vowed then to repeal the 2012 labour market reform.
She chose Joaquín Pérez Rey to hold to post the Secretary of State for Labour and Social Economy, effectively the number 2 in the Ministry.
Ndary Adopo
Michel Ndary Adopo (born 19 July 2000) is a French footballer who plays for Torino as a midfielder.
Adopo made his professional debut with Torino in a 2-0 Serie A win over A.S. Roma on 5 January 2019.
Born in France, Adopo is of Ivorian descent.
Martinez Playground
Martinez Playground is a public park in Bushwick, Brooklyn, NYC.
Martinez playground honors Thelma Martinez (1918-1987) a life-long resident of New York City and a 30-year resident of the near-by Williamsburg Houses.
Martinez' extensive work in the neighborhood included a special commitment to the park, formerly known as Williamsburg Playground.
On October 10, 1957 the City, in agreement with the Housing Authority, leased the property to Parks to use for park and playground purposes.
The "Martinez Playground Skate Park", known as "Blue Park Skate Park" or "Blue Park", was built in 2012/2013 and features manual pads of different shapes and sizes in a basketball court.
The obstacles were built by California Skateparks.
Walter Pall
Walter Pall (born 1944) is a bonsai artist.
Born in Austria, he now lives near Munich, Germany.
He is considered one of the foremost Bonsai artists in the West, and perhaps the world.
Pall was born in Austria in 1944 and grew up in the Alps, where he loves to ski.
He married his wife, Hannah, in 1968; they have one son.
They now live near Munich, Germany.
Pall worked as a top manager in the Electronics and Consulting Industry, but took up bonsai as a hobby in 1980.
In 1990, he left his job to become a part-time bonsai professional.
Pall is particularly known for his workshops and lectures, which he gives at conventions around the world.
Despite his respect and prestige in the bonsai world, however, Pall considers himself an amateur and does not aim for commercial success; rather, he styles trees and maintains his garden for his own enjoyment.
Pall is known for his naturalistic style, which deviates from traditional practices of bonsai development.
One method used to achieve this style is his signature "hedge cutting method," in which a tree is left to grow and then cut back aggressively, resulting in fine ramification.
He was also one of the first bonsai artists to use native European species, and is known for his use of native European material for "yamadori" ( - literally "taken from the mountains;" refers to bonsai trees collected in the wild).
One such species is the oriental hornbeam, which Pall sources from Croatia.
Though many of his most famous trees are fairly large (one of the most famous bonsai in Europe is a large Japanese maple Pall developed), he also has a sizeable collection of "shohin" ( - literally "a small thing;" refers to small bonsai).
Pall has received many awards, including first place in the Crespi Cup Award and second and third place in the Ginkgo Cup Awards.
Pall has written over 100 articles in various bonsai magazines, such as Bonsai Focus.
Pall has long been active in the online bonsai community, participating in various forums.
He also maintains a website, a blog (called Walter Pall Bonsai Adventures), and several active social media pages.
Meluha
Meluha may refer to:
Cavée River
The Cavée River is a freshwater stream, a tributary of the rivière Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest, flowing in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, Canada.
The course of the river crosses the Jacques-Cartier National Park.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of the Cavée River (except the rapids zones) is generally frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, but the safe circulation on the ice is generally made from the end of December to the beginning of March.
The main watersheds near the Cavée river are:
The Cavée river has its source at Rieutard Lake (length: ; altitude: , located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality This lake receives water from the eastern side of the discharge of a set of lakes (Mérillon, Dugas, de la Rocaille, Hardy, Joug and Dan).
From the mouth of Rieutard Lake, the Cavée River flows over , with a total drop of , according to the following segments:
Upper course of the Cavée river (segment of )
Lower course of the Cavée river (segment of )
From the confluence of the Cuvée river, the current follows the course of the Rivière Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest on , the course of the Jacques-Cartier River on to the south the northeast bank of the Saint Lawrence River..
The toponym "Rivière Cavée" was formalized on December 5, 1968 at the Place Names Bank of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Introducing Lobo
Introducing Lobo is the debut album by Lobo, released in 1971 on Big Tree Records.
The album peaked at #178 on the Billboard 200 on its first release.
It was re-released in 1973 and peaked at #163 on the said chart.
"Me and You and a Dog Named Boo" peaked at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his first Top 40 hit.
It also became his first #1 on the Adult Contemporary chart, where it topped for 2 consecutive weeks on May 1971.
Heart to Heart (horse)
Heart to Heart (foaled February 2nd, 2011) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse and the winner of the 2018 Gulfstream Park Turf Handicap.
Heart to Heart's first race was on July 13th, 2013, at Arlington, where he came in first.
His next win did not come until April 9th, 2014, when he won at Keeneland.
Heart to Heart went on a three race winstreak starting on August 20th, 2014, when he won the Better Talk Now Stakes.
He then won the 2019 Jefferson Cup Stakes on September 27th, 2014.
On November 15th, 2014, he then won the Commonwealth Turf Stakes.
Heart to Heart picked up two stakes win during his 2015 season, when he won the August 2nd, 2015 Oceanport Stakes then the November 26th, 2015 River City Handicap.
He started off 2016 with two wins.
First, he won the January 9th, 2016, Fort Lauderdale Stakes.
Then the following month, he captured the February 27th, 2016 Canadian Turf Handicap.
He finished off the season with an October 10th win at the Knickerbocker Handicap and a December 17th, 2016 win at the El Prado Stakes.
He defended his Canadian Turf Handicap championship successfully, by winning the 2017 version of the race on March 4th.
He then won the September 4th, 2017 Bernard Baruch Handicap, which was his final win of 2017.
He captured the 2018 Gulfstream Park Turf Handicap on February 10th, which was his first Grade-1 win.
He then picked up another Grade-1 win in his next race when he won the Maker's Mark Mile Stakes on April 13th, 2018.
He finished in 2nd place at the Shoemaker Mile Stakes on May 28th, 2018.
His 2019 season was mostly unsuccessful, as he only raced in 3 races and his best finish was a 3rd place finish at the January 12th, 2019 Tropical Turf Handicap.
Heart to Heart was then retired in 2019.
Jen Lee (cartoonist)
Jen Lee is a cartoonist, illustrator, and author.
Her works include "Thunderpaw: In the Ashes of Fire Mountain", "Vacancy," "Garbage Night", and "At the Edge of the Stream at Dusk".
Lee grew up in Naples, Florida.
She studied illustration at the School of Visual Arts.
She was a resident of Twin Falls, Idaho in 2017, but later that year moved to Los Angeles, a move chronicled in her book "At the Edge of the Stream at Dusk".
Lee created "Thunderpaw: In the Ashes of Fire Mountain", an animated webcomic.
The comic started in August 2012 and was released gradually online.
The story follows two dogs, Bruno and Ollie, who after some apocalyptic event try to make their way home.
Lee's comic "Vacancy" was published in 2015.
Published by Nobrow Press, the 24 page book follows a dog Simon who decides to become a wild animal after all humans have vanished.
In 2017, Lee published a longer follow-up to "Vacancy" entitled "Garbage Night", also through Nobrow.
The comic follows the same characters and setting.
In 2019, Lee published "At the Edge of the Stream at Dusk", a memoir about her move to Los Angeles to a new job, after a breakup.
The comic, in which the people are drawn as anthropomorphic animals, was published by ShortBox.
Lee has also worked as a freelance illustrator.
Several reviewers have praised Lee's work.
A reviewer for Bleeding Cool described "Thunderpaw" as "A unique beast that could only work in it’s native online environment...
Constantly glitching and twitching with a frantic energy... As well as perfectly portraying her two main characters as hyperactive, jittery puppies it also gives her world a restless and unnerving quality to it" and added "I’d give up all my [paper] trades in an instant for more quirky gems like this."
A review for Gizmodo's site Io9 said "Lee makes great use of her digital canvas to convey both the emotions of her canine protagonists and the devastation around them", and a reviewer for Comic Book Resources said: "The color palette seems vintage and dusty, recalling communist propaganda posters from the '40s and '50s.
The style, however, is more modern.
Although far more polished, "Thunderpaw" recalls the graffiti-like art styles that made its mark on the black-and-white comics of the '80s and '90s."
Nik Kacy
Nik Kacy, stylized as NiK Kacy (b.
1974 or '75) is a fashion designer, founder of Equality Fashion Week, board member of the Los Angeles LGBT Chamber of Commerce, and part of the Trans Inclusion Task Force for the National LGBT Chamber of Commerce.
In September 2019, Wells Fargo featured Kacy on their "Empowerful Exchange" video series.
In 2017 and 2019, Kacy's gender-free fashion approach was discussed in two scholarly articles, and in 2020, in the book "Crossing Gender Boundaries: Fashion to Create, Disrupt, and Transcend".
Kacy is a trans-masculine gender-nonbinary person and uses the pronouns they/them/their.
Kacy was born in Hong Kong and immigrated to New York City at age seven.
They knew they wanted to create shoes from a young age.
They were bullied in school and experienced their parents' divorce as traumatic.
Due to the intensity of bullying they experienced, they were faced with the "horrible predicament" of becoming "a bully in order to survive," ("Queery" podcast, 54:10) yet was simultaneously "very depressed" and "suicidal," often wishing they had not been born.
("All Things Therapy" podcast, 29:40) It was after a home invasion, during which Kacy and Kacy's grandparents had guns and machetes pointed at them, that Kacy realized they never again wanted to "make someone else feel like a victim.
"("Queery" podcast, 56:28) Thereafter, Kacy stopped bullying others and instead began breaking up fights among peers, "inspired to be somebody who was more of a peacemaker."
("Queery" podcast, 57:03) Helping the transition, a family friend, who became Kacy's stepfather, had helped the family pay for Kacy to attend a Catholic high school in New Jersey.
The change in environment was helpful, as previously Kacy was witness to gang violence at their New York schools.
Kacy knew they were born in the wrong body from a very young age ("Queery" podcast, 11:39).
They would initially identify as gay or lesbian ("Queery" podcast, 14:46) and had their first queer relationship in college.
It was later that they had the realization that they wanted to transition to a male-presenting body with the help of testosterone hormone therapy.
They were finally able to achieve the hormone aspect of the process while an employee at Google.
They were then able to complete their transition by way of various surgeries in their late 30s, after quitting their Google job to start their shoe business.
Kacy attended grade schools in New York and New Jersey.
They majored in art and advertising at Pepperdine University, and it was in those years that they first came out as queer, incidentally during a truth or dare game with friends.
They graduated in 1997.
("All Things Therapy" podcast, 3:29)
Prior to entering the fashion world, Kacy worked as a producer and project manager at Google, creating online branded engagement programs, such as livestreams, and conceptualizing novel ways for consumers to engage with Google platforms.
("Queery" podcast, 26:44) They left their post in 2013 to pursue shoe design.
NiK Kacy Footwear was founded in 2014.
("Coming Out with Lauren & Nicole" podcast, 1:52) For initial funding, Kacy turned to Kickstarter, raising $6,000 of their $36,000 goal in a single day.
The company's goal was to create “genderequal luxury shoes and accessories that are handcrafted, high-quality, utility products.” The company creates footwear and accessories with genderequal sizing and styles, which Kacy believes eliminates the need for differentiation between men's and women's styles, instead placing the focus on the consumer's personal taste, rather than the manufacturer's tastes for two genders.
Kacy traveled through 12 European cities to learn the contours of the shoe-making industry, accumulating knowledge from traditional workshops in Italy and elsewhere before creating his own methodology in a slight departure from traditional craftsmanship.
Manufacture took place in Portugal and as of 2019 takes place in artisan ateliers in Leon, Mexico.
Some of the Kacy Footwear aesthetic inspiration derives from Calvin Klein, John Varvatos, Alexander McQueen, Tom Ford, and Kenneth Cole.
Equality Fashion Week is an annual multi-day event, held during Los Angeles Fashion Week, that features the work of LGBTQIA+ fashion designers by way of runway shows and pop-up shops.
The event has featured designs by Sharpe Suiting, Lior Boroda, Fem/Haus, Dapper Boi, and has been sponsored by the Los Angeles LGBT Center, Outfest, and the TransLatina Coalition.
The inaugural Equality Fashion Week's opening night took place in 2018 at the Montrose West Hollywood Hotel.
Six LGBT designers were represented.
The entirety of the event was held over the course of five days.
Trans activist and model Carmen Carrera presided over the festivities.</ref>
In 2019, Equality Fashion Week took place, before a sold-out crowd, at the Globe Theatre.
The event featured 110-115 models, 37 dancers, five hosts, live musicians, and a DJ.
List of top 10 singles in 2020 (Ireland)
This is a list of singles that have peaked in the top 10 of the Irish Singles Chart during 2020, as compiled by the Official Charts Company on behalf of the Irish Recorded Music Association.
Fifteen songs have charted in the top ten of the Irish Singles Chart as of the 24 January 2020.
Of these, seven songs reached their peak during 2020.
Lewis Capaldi's "Before You Go" began the new decade as the number one single, spending it's seventh consecutive week at the summit.
"Yummy" by Justin Bieber became the first new top ten entry of the year, debuting at number eight on the 10 January.
Two artists have achieved their first top 10 single in 2019 (as of week ending 24 January), either as a lead or featured artist.
Big Rock, Ohio
Big Rock is an unincorporated community in Liberty Township, Jackson County, Ohio, United States.
It is located northwest of Jackson at the intersection of Big Rock Road and Big Run Road, at .
James Harvey Insole
James Harvey Insole (30 April 1821 – 20 January 1901) was an English businessman who consolidated and developed the extensive South Wales coal mining and shipping business begun by his father George Insole.
Insole became a partner in his father's business in 1842.
They leased and revived the Cymmer (lower Rhondda Valley) bituminous coal pits in 1844 and developed their coastal and international markets together until his father's death in 1851, at which time Insole took sole control of the company.
Disaster struck in 1856 when an underground explosion of gas at the Cymmer mine resulted "in the sacrifice of human life to an extent unparalleled in the history of coal mining of this country."
In 1862 Insole purchased the Abergorki mine in the upper Rhondda Valley.
His company continued to develop the rich steam coal seams of the Rhondda and by the end of that century was one of the main exporters of South Wales steam coal.
The company operated until 1940.
Insole also played a significant role in the development of Cardiff, Wales, as a coal shipping port, especially in connection with improving the means of loading coal ships and the construction of the new dock at Penarth which opened in 1865.
Insole's modern legacy survives in his Victorian mansion Ely Court in Llandaff, Wales, now a community resource known as Insole Court which is used for a wide range of activities and events.
Insole was born on 30 April 1821 in Worcester, Worcestershire, and was baptised at St Helen's Church, Worcester, on 2 May 1821.
He was the second child and eldest son of the six children of George Insole and Mary Insole (née Finch).
During Insole's early childhood his father was a carpenter in Worcester and the family was associated with the Angel Street Independent (Congregational) Meeting House.
In 1828 the family moved to Cardiff where Insole's father began building his South Wales coal mining and shipping business.
Insole attended schools in Cardiff and Melksham, Wiltshire.
When Insole came of age in 1842 he acquired independent resources in the form of a bequest from his father's uncle, a wealthy saddler's ironmonger in Birmingham, Warwickshire.
In 1843 Insole married Mary Ann Jones in Edgbaston, Warwickshire.
She was the daughter of his father's uncle's business partner.
They had three children, two sons and a daughter.
The family lived in Crockherbtown, Cardiff, next door to Insole's parents, until 1852.
In 1842 Insole's father brought him into partnership as George Insole & Son, colliery proprietors and coal shippers.
At that time they were working the steam coal seam at the Maesmawr pit (Llantwit Fardre), however the seam was reaching exhaustion.
They then leased and revived bituminous coal pits at Cymmer (Lower Rhondda Valley) in 1844 and in 1848 opened 36 coking ovens to supply the Taff Vale Railway Company.
Insole had also suggested that the Taff Vale Railway Company negotiate with Lord Bute to erect coal on the Cardiff Bute Dock (West).
In 1848, when the first coal tip was ready, the Insoles became the first to load a ship at Cardiff by "mechanical appliances".
Up to 1847 the Insoles mainly supplied the coastal markets of the Bristol Channel (Bristol, Gloucester), the Cornish ports (St. Ives, Penzance, Fowey), and the Irish markets (Limerick, Dublin, Youghal, Waterford, Cork) with steam coal.
Subsequently they supplied the French markets, first Brest and Nantes, then Calais, Marseilles, and Corsica.
In 1849 they sent coal shipments to the Mediterranean, the Near East (Alexandria, Constantinople, Beirut, Smyrna), to South America (Montevideo, Rio Grande, Rio de Janeiro) and as far as Chile and Singapore.
Insole took sole control of the business on his father's death in 1851.
Aged twenty-nine, he was "a typical thrustful Victorian entrepreneur" and in that year he sank the Upper Cymmer Colliery, followed by the New Cymmer Colliery in 1855.
The Crimean War made 1855 a boom year for coal and Insole began intensive excavation of his Cymmer Old Pit.
In the early morning of 15 July 1856 an underground explosion of gas resulted in the deaths of 114 men and boys (thirty-four under the age of sixteen and fifteen under the age of twelve).
It was described as a "sacrifice of human life to an extent unparalleled in the history of coal mining of this country."
The local communities were also devastated by the disaster as thirty-five widows and ninety-two children, as well as other dependent relatives, were suddenly left without any immediate means of support.
The ensuing coroner's inquest determined the cause of the deaths to have been "the post-explosion effects of afterdamp or methane poisoning."
The evidence indicated that the explosion was due to defective mine ventilation and the use of naked flames underground, despite warnings having been sent to the mine by HM Inspector of Mines, Herbert Francis Mackworth, who stated that "the explosion arose from the persons in charge of the pit neglecting the commonest precautions for the safety of the men and the safe working of the colliery."
However, Insole claimed he took "no part in the management", knew nothing of the duties of firemen or the problems of ventilation, did not refuse expenditure for safety, and could not recall having been sent any official documentation on mine safety.
Insole was dismissed from the enquiry and, after further legal proceedings, he and his mine officials were exonerated from all blame.
However, the apparent contradiction in Insole's evidence given at the inquest and the later assizes was criticised.
At the inquest, Insole claimed his mine manager was "intrusted with the entire control" as he was "one of the most competent mining engineers in this district".
Insole walked free but his manager was charged with manslaughter.
At the assizes, in support of his manager and when his own "personal liberty [was] no longer at stake", Insole then claimed the man was "not a person skilled as an underground man or engineer", and his manager was acquitted.
Welsh historian E. D. Lewis' analysis of the disaster provides the following conclusions:
Insole, described in the "Cardiff & Merthyr Guardian" as "the greatest sufferer in a pecuniary sense", contributed £500 (approximately ) to the Relief Appeal Fund "in aid of the widows and orphans, and dependent relatives of the deceased" and undertook to meet the cost of the thirty graves opened at the Cymmer Chapel.
The Cymmer Old Pit continued in operation until 1939.
To ensure his supply of steam coal, in 1862 Insole purchased the Abergorki Level at the top of the Rhondda Valley.
In 1865 the Penarth Harbour, Dock and Railway Company, of which Insole was one of the original directors, opened the new dock at Penarth in competition with the congested Bute Docks.
The Cymmer mine was also deepened in 1875–1877 to reach four rich seams of steam coal.
By the end of the century Insole's company was again one of the chief exporters of South Wales steam coal.
The company remained in business until 1940.
Although still maintaining an interest in the industry, Insole had effectively retired from direct involvement in his company by 1875.
Insole used his wealth to obtain social status.
Following the death of his father in 1851, Insole moved his family two miles out of Cardiff to the healthier and increasingly fashionable city village of Llandaff.
In 1855 building started on Ely Court, a three-storey twin-gabled villa set in a large garden and approached by an imposing carriage drive.
Over the next twenty-five years Insole acquired much of the surrounding land to create an extensive park.
In the 1870s the house was extended and embellished in the neo-Gothic style that had been employed by William Burges to transform Cardiff Castle for Lord Bute.
Insole already owned several estates in Glamorganshire as well as land in Cardiff when he set out to build a land-owning dynasty.
In 1872, then semi-retired, he acquired armorial bearings from the College of Heralds.
Three years later he purchased the 7,291 acre Luxborough estate in Somerset, including the "picturesque and commodious shooting box", Chargot House (or Lodge), numerous farms and cottages, and "thriving woods and plantations, together with a large tract of moor".
Insole was then able to style himself as "Lord of the Manors of Luxborough and Withiel Florey".
In 1878 he was listed in "Kelly's Handbook to the Upper Ten Thousand".
Insole regularly entered plants he and his gardeners had cultivated in horticultural shows, competing successfully against other local gentlemen and their gardeners.
He devoted over forty years to:
In 1882 Ely Court was described as "the leading residence in the locality".
Insole also assembled a collection of paintings and "objets d'art".
In 1881 several of his bronzes, silver items and paintings were exhibited at the Cardiff Fine Art and Industrial Exhibition.
His and his company's names were to be found in published lists of subscribers to good causes.
In 1882 he announced a subscription of £1,000 for the proposed University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire in Cardiff and provided a £25 per annum scholarship for a Cardiff student to pursue further studies.
In 1883 a ward at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary was renamed the in recognition of his donation of £1,000.
In 1890 Insole's company announced a £250 contribution over five years towards the funding and maintenance of the new University College engineering department and from 1892 the J. H. Insole scholarship provided £25 per annum for three years to support a University College student of mining.
Although he was associated with the Congregational Church as a boy and in later life financed Nonconformist building projects, as an adult Insole was a noted churchman and his tenants knew him as a generous patron of the parish church at Withiel Florey, of which he held the advowson.
Insole was widowed in 1882.
In 1890 he married Marian Louisa Carey (née Eagle), the widowed daughter of his former Dublin agent and sister-in-law of his eldest son who lived nearby in his Pencisely House mansion.
Civic and other roles: Cardiff street commissioner (1848); justice of the peace and magistrate for Cardiff (1856); land tax commissioner for Glamorgan (1856/1857); vice consul to Spain at Cardiff (1858); inaugural president of the Cardiff Chamber of Commerce (1866); magistrate for Glamorgan (1867); member of the Pall Mall Club.
Company directorships: Penarth Harbour, Dock and Railway Company; Ely Valley Railway Company; Patent Fuel Works; Cardiff Hotel Company; Cardiff Baths Company.
Insole died on 20 January 1901, aged 79, at his residence Ely Court, Llandaff, and was buried at the Llandaff Cathedral burial grounds on 24 January 1901.
His estate was valued at £245,388.
Although Insole's death was overshadowed by the death of Queen Victoria two days later, his numerous obituaries praised his contributions to the South Wales coal industry and the development of Cardiff as a shipping port (the loss to the horticultural world also being noted),"" and his funeral was attended by many Cardiff dignitaries and businessmen.
However, the harsh and dangerous working conditions imposed on miners which underpinned Insole's profits and the devastating effects of the 1856 Cymmer disaster cannot be ignored.
Insole's dynastic land-owning vision came to nought when the Luxborough estate was sold in 1920.
The Insole coal company closed in 1940 amidst the general decline of the South Wales coal industry.
Ely Court (now Insole Court) passed from family hands in 1932 and eventually fell into disrepair.
However, after significant restoration, in 2017 the mansion was reopened to visitors for a wide range of community activities and events, and the gardens that Insole so loved are now a municipal park for public use.
The following accounts include Insole's role in the development of the South Wales coal industry, although each is unreliable in various details, especially regarding his father's origins and early years as a merchant in Cardiff.
Gereb Segen
Gereb Segen may refer to:
Gladys M. Lux
Gladys M. Lux (1899-2003) was an American artist and educator, known for painting and printmaking.
Lux was born in 1899 in Chapman, Nebraska.
She studied to be at teacher at Kearney State College and taught in Nebraska schools for two years before return to study at University of Nebraska in Lincoln.
In 1927 Lux began teaching art at Nebraska Wesleyan University where she continued to teach for the next four decades, eventually serving head of the art department.
In 1933 Lux applied for, and was accepted as a Works Progress Administration artist.
Before producing any work she was dropped from the program in favor of an artist with greater need.
She continued to paint, mostly people and landscapes of the rural Midwest, in the Regionalist style.
She exhibited her work at a variety of venues including the 1939 New York World's Fair, and in 1940 a solo show in at the Joslyn Art Museum.
Lux was included in the 1947 and 1951 Dallas Museum of Fine Arts exhibitions of the National Serigraph Society.
In 1985 she founded the "University Place Art Center".
She purchased the former city hall building of the village of University Place (now in Lincoln) and donated the building to serve as a nonprofit community arts organization.
It has since been renamed the LUX Center for the Arts.
Throughout her life Lux acquired fine art prints, assembling a collection of over 200 prints, mostly through the "Organization of American College Society of Print Collectors" and the "Associated American Artists".
Lux died in 2003 in Lincoln.
She never married and spent her life in Nebraska.
Hinata Satō
Hinata Satō was born on 23 December 1998 in Yamagata Prefecture and two years later moved to Niigata Prefecture where she lived until third grade.
and admiring Ayumi Muto, she started performing arts activities around kindergarten.
She successfully auditioned for the idol unit Sakura Gakuin, and she started activities for the unit in April 2010.
She was appointed "mood chair" at the unit's 2013 Transference Ceremony held on 5 May.
She graduated from the unit in March 2014.
She voiced Rin Karasawa, a major character in the anime "Kutsudaru.
", which began on 2 April 2014.
She formed the unit "Maboroshi Love" with three other cast members (Marina Horiuchi, Miki Kanai, and Yuika Shima), and they released the single "Merry Go World" for the anime on 19 November of the same year, which charted at #90 in the Oricon singles chart.
She performed as Cynthia in "The Goodbye Girl" at Tokyo International Forum Hall C in August 2015.
She also portrayed Alice in "Stray Sheep Paradise" and its sequel.
She voiced Leah Kazuno in "Love Live!
Sunshine!!
", and she was performed in the Saint Snow concert held at Hakodate Arena in April 2018 with her Saint Snow bandmate Asami Tano.
She also voices Junna Hoshimi in "Revue Starlight".
She has also appeared in other "Starlight" media, including the "Shōjo Konto All-Starlight" web series, the "Re Live" video game, the stage adaptation, and the "Radio Starlight" radio show.
Santa Ruba, San Gregorio d'Ippona
Santa Ruba is a church located outside of the town of San Gregorio d'Ippona, Province of Calabria, Italy.
It rises along SS 182 on the road towards Vibo Valentia.
It is presently a Roman Catholic Marian sanctuary dedicated to "Maria Santissima della Salute".
The history of this church remains somewhat nebulous due to lack of documentation.
It originally was attached to a Basilian monastery, which appears to have persisted until the 1908, when the monastery was abandoned due to damage from the 1905 Calabria earthquake.
It is unclear when the church was built; some have suggested that its layout and dome indicate construction was completed during Byzantine rule of the region, perhaps as early as the 10th-century.
The present interior is due to refurbishments along the centuries, including a baroque refurbishment in the 18th-century.
Others claim the present layout dates wot a reconstruction in 1610.
The significance of the name "Santa Rupa" is also unclear.
Some speculate it may derive from the church's location near a cliff ("rupe").
The church fell into ruin in the early 20th-century, but decades later underwent restoration with reconsecration in 1977.
Some of the original statuary had been rescued by local parishoners.
The church has a semicircular apse connected to a dome with a octagonal drum.
The nave is long, single and tall.
The present interior appears to reflect the baroque refurbishments.
Anemone berlandieri
Anemone berlandieri, commonly known as tenpetal thimbleweed or tenpetal anemone, is a rhizomatous perennial plant in the family Ranunculaceae.
It is native to the southern United States and northern Mexico.
It flowers in the late winter and spring, between February and April.
"Anemone berlandieri" grows in sunny open areas, such as prairies and hillsides, and in wooded areas over a thin shale substrate.
Genevieve Oswald
Genevieve Mary Oswald (August 24, 1921 – March 19, 2019) was an American dance scholar and archivist, founder and curator of the New York Public Library's dance archive.
Oswald was born in Buffalo, New York, the daughter of Charles Oswald and Jeannette Glenn Oswald.
Her father worked at a shipping company.
She earned a bachelor's degree in music at the North Carolina College for Women in 1943.
Oswald moved to New York to pursue a career as a singer.
She began working at the New York Public Library in 1944, in the Music Division.
In 1947, she founded and became curator of the library's new Dance Collection.
In 1954, she wrote, "It is important that the public be able to get dance information, because the dance art can be considerably strengthened and more firmly established if its public is well-informed."
She expanded the specialized holdings to include films and materials related to Asian dance traditions, and built the collection of dance films.
She also collected oral histories.
In 1965, she oversaw the collection's move to a new location at Lincoln Center.
In 1978 she traveled to China to meet with Chinese dance scholars and give lectures on American modern dance.
She retired in 1987, taking the title "Curator Emerita of the Dance Collection".
Oswald won the Capezio Award in 1956, for her contributions to dance scholarship; the award was presented to her at a luncheon, with remarks by Carl Van Vechten.
In 1965 Oswald was one of the twelve founding members of the Congress on Research in Dance (CoRD).
From 1970 to 1974, she taught courses in the history of dance, at New York University.
She was also coordinator of the Americas Center of the World Dance Alliance.
In 1978, she was presented with an honorary Doctor of Fine Arts degree from her alma mater, the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.
Genevieve Oswald married musician and music educator Dean Leslie Johnson in 1949.
They had a son and a daughter.
She was widowed when Johnson died in 1981.
She died in 2019, aged 97 years, in Santa Clarita, California.
The Jerome Robbins Dance Division of the New York Public Library remains "one of the world's most renowned centers for dance research".
Chillicothe station (Illinois)
Chillicothe was a former Amtrak stop in the rural city of Chillicothe, Peoria County, Illinois.
The station was a former stop on the "Southwest Chief" between Chicago Union Station and Los Angeles Union Station before the alignment was changed to go via Burlington Northern Santa Fe's Mendota Subdivision in 1996.
The station was also a stop on the short-lived "Lone Star" to Dallas Union Station and Houston station, until that was discontinued in October 1979.
Amtrak service at Chillicothe began on May 1, 1971 as part of services from Chicago to Houston Union Station via Kansas City Union Station called the "Texas Chief", a service previously run by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.
The station site, Streator and the Galesburg station are currently served by BNSF on their Chillicothe Subdivision.
Fathia Amaimia
Fathia Amaimia (born 5 September 1989) is a Tunisian Paralympic athlete of short stature.
She competes in F41-classification throwing events.
She represented Tunisia at the 2016 Summer Paralympics and she won the bronze medal in the women's discus throw F41 event.
At the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships she won the silver medal in the women's discus throw F41 event.
Two years later at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships she also won a silver medal in the same event.
Bonetta (1809 ship)
Bonetta was an American vessel that the British Royal Navy captured in 1808.
She then became a West Indiaman.
A French privateer captured her in 1810.
On 20 November 1808 , , , , and "Unique" participated in the capture of the American vessel "Bonetta".
Prize money was paid in 1814, and 1839.
"Bonetta" first appeared in "Lloyd's Register" ("LR") in 1809 with J.Cock, master, Hay & Co., owners, and trade London–Antigua.
She was described as an American prize.
Capture: On 4 December 1810 the French privateer captured "Bonetta".
"Lloyd's List" reported that the capture of "Bonetta", Cock, master, took place off Sombrero, Anguilla as "Bonetta" was sailing from Guadeloupe to Charleston.
It further reported that "Duke of Dantzick" was armed with fourteen 18-pounder carronades and had a crew of 100 men.
"Duke" had recently captured "Industry", Moore, master, which was sailing from St Kitts to Wilmington, and a Spanish three-masted schooner carrying dry goods from Cadiz to Vera Cruz.
"Duke of Dantzick" destroyed both.
However, "Bonetta" arrived at Cadiz on 30 January 1811, and not in French possession.
Aregnaudeau had put a prize crew of ten of his men, plus two Spaniards and two Portuguese on "Bonetta".
On 22 December the Spaniards and Portuguese attacked the Frenchmen, killed three, and took possession of the ship.
While "Bonetta" was at Cadiz, a gale from 27 to 29 March cost her her foremast, bowsprit, etc.
The entry for "Bonetta" in the "Register of Shipping" ("RS") for 1811 carried the annotation "Captured".
"Lloyd's Register" continued to carry "Bonetta", and conflated her with a later "Bonetta" that was an American prize that appeared shortly after the "Bonetta" of this article was lost.
Gene A. Deegan
Gene Austin Deegan (born August 3, 1936) is a retired major general in the United States Marine Corps.
He attended the United States Naval Academy, graduating in 1958.
He served as commanding general of the Marine Corps Air-Ground Combat Center in Twentynine Palms, California.
Dar al-Makina
The Dar al-Makina or simply Makina is a former arms factory (also called "Dar al-Silah") in Fes, Morocco.
The Makina (an Arabic adaptation of the word "machine") was established by Sultan Moulay Hassan in 1885-86 with the help of Italian officers.
The factory is no longer in use today and stands abandoned and partially ruined.
The building occupies the western side of the New Mechouar military square near the Dar al-Makhzen (Royal Palace) in Fes el-Jdid.
It is entered by a gateway, "Bab Makina", of Italianate architectural style opening on the west side of the square.
Inside, the Makina consists of a vast series of vaulted chambers, similar to the architecture of the Heri as-Souani, the royal granaries of Moulay Ismail in Meknes.
The northern gate of the New Mechouar, known as Bab Khibbat es-Smen ("Gate of the Butter Niche"), also dates from the 1886 construction of Moulay Hassan.
The arms factory was an early attempt at industrialization in Fes and was part of the sultan's efforts to modernize the Moroccan army to compete with European powers, though they did not have enormous effect.
Rumex vesicarius
Rumex vesicarius, also known as Ruby dock, or bladder dock, is a species of perennial flowering plant in the Polygonaceae family.
According to Plants of the World Online, "Rumex vesicarius" is native to tropical and temperate Asia, Africa, and Western Australia.
However, the Council of Heads of Australasian Herbaria asserts that within Australia it is naturalised in Western Australia, the Northern Territory, South Australia, Queensland and New South Wales.
It is an erect, succulent annual herb which grows to up about 60 cm high, and has triangular to ovate leaves which are truncate or cordate at the base and about 5–10 cm long, with entire margins.
The stipules form an almost complete sheath around the stem which disintegrates.
The flowers are green with a red tinge, and have six perianth segments with the inner three becoming enlarged and papery when fruiting.
The hard, red and reticulately veined fruit persist, giving rise to spectacular displays.
The specific epithet, "vesicarius", derives from the Latin word, "vesica", meaning "bladder", to give an adjective which describes the fruit of the plant as "inflated", "bladder-like".
1948 Lafayette Leopards football team
The 1948 Lafayette Leopards football team was an American football team that represented Lafayette College during the 1948 college football season.
In its second season under head coach Ivy Williamson, the team compiled a 7–2 record and outscored its opponents by a total of 277 to 171.
The team played its home games at Fisher Field in Easton, Pennsylvania.
The team is notable for declining an invitation to the 1949 Sun Bowl, as African-American running back David Showell would not have been allowed to play in the game.
Source:
Nicolas Dalla Valle
Nicolas Dalla Valle (born 13 September 1997) is an Italian racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTeam .
Kacper Żuk
Kacper Żuk (born 21 January 1999) is a Polish tennis player.
Żuk has a career high ATP singles ranking of 446 achieved on 18 November 2019.
He also has a career high ATP doubles ranking of 365 achieved on 18 November 2019.
Żuk has won 3 ITF singles titles and 9 ITF doubles titles.
Żuk made his ATP debut at the 2020 ATP Cup, where he represented Poland in a singles match, losing to Marin Čilić.
Gadara Shire
Gadara Shire was a local government area in the eastern part of the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.
Gadara Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906 as Yarrangobilly Shire.
It was renamed as Gadara Shire on 12 February 1907.
The shire offices were based in Tumut.
Urban areas in the shire included Adelong and Batlow and the village of Grahamstown.
The shire was amalgamated with the Municipality of Tumut to form Tumut Shire on 1 July 1928.
Cull Island
Cull Island, also known as Culls Island and Gull Island, is an island off the south coast of Western Australia in the Recherche Archipelago.
It is located about southeast of Esperance and occupies an area of .
Cull Island is uninhabited but is home to a group of wild goats which roam the island.
It also has a colony of little penguins and is one of the main nesting grounds for the Cape Barren goose.
An unmanned lighthouse is located in the centre of the island on a white hut about high.
It was installed with an acetylene-powered light in 1965 but was converted to an automatic solar-powered flashing light in 1984.
On 5 January 2020, a man was killed by a great white shark while diving at Cull Island.
California State Route 1 (Big Sur)
California State Route 1 in Big Sur is widely considered to be one of the most scenic driving routes in the United States, if not the world.
It was the first California Scenic Highway and the first federal All American Road.
It has been compared to the Amalfi Coast of Italy, the rugged scenic north coast of Taiwan, and roadways in the Andes.
"Condé Nast Traveler" named State Route 1 through Big Sur one of the top 10 world-famous streets, comparable to Broadway in New York City and the Champs-Élysées in Paris.
The Big Sur portion of Highway 1 is generally considered to include the segment adjoining the unincorporated region of Big Sur between Malpaso Creek near Carmel Highlands in the north and San Carpóforo Creek near San Simeon in the south.
Prior to its completion, the California coast south of Carmel and north of San Simeon was one of the most remote regions in the state, rivaling at the time nearly any other region in the United States for its difficult access.
At the turn of the 19th century, the trip from Monterey to the Pfeiffer Ranch in the Big Sur valley could take three days by wagon.
It was a rough road that ended in present-day Big Sur Village and could be impassible in winter.
There was no road beyond the Pfeiffer Ranch, only a horseback trail connecting the homesteads to the south.
The highway was first proposed by Dr. John L. D. Roberts, a physician who was summoned on April 21, 1894 to treat survivors of the wreck of the S.S. "Los Angeles" (originally USRC "Wayanda"), which had run aground near the Point Sur Light Station about south of Carmel-by-the-Sea.
The ride on his two-wheeled, horse-drawn cart took him hours, a very fast trip for the day.
Construction began in 1921, ceased for two years in 1926 when funding ran out, and after 18 years of construction, the Carmel–San Simeon Highway was completed in 1937.
The route was incorporated into the state highway system and re-designated as Highway 1 in 1939.
Along with the ocean views, this winding, narrow road, often cut into the face of towering seaside cliffs, dominates the visitor's experience of Big Sur.
The stunning views, redwood forests, hiking, beaches, and other recreational opportunities have made Big Sur a popular destination for about 7 million people who live within a day's drive and visitors from across the world.
The highway has been closed more than 55 times by landslides, and in May 2017, a slide blocked the highway at Mud Creek, north of Salmon Creek near the San Luis Obispo County line, to just south of Gorda.
The road was reopened on July 18, 2018, but is subject to closure during heavy storms.
Rancho San Jose y Sur Chiquito, including the land from Carmel to near Palo Colorado Canyon, was granted to José Castro in about 1848.
Castro built the first trail from Monterey to Palo Colorado Canyon as early as 1853, when he filed a map of his purchase.
After California gained statehood, a rough trail from Carmel to Mill Creek (present-day Bixby Canyon) was in use by about 1855 when it was declared a public road by the county.
But the California coast south of Carmel and north of San Simeon remained one of the most remote regions in the state, rivaling at the time nearly any other region in the United States for its difficult access.
It remained largely an untouched wilderness until early in the twentieth century.
When the region was first settled by European immigrants in 1853, it was the United States' "last frontier."
Yankee businessman Charles Henry Bixby obtained a patent on April 10, 1889 for south of Bixby Creek, Bixby harvested lumber, tanbark, and lime.
Without a road, he resorted to using a landing chute and hoist to transfer the goods to ships anchored slightly offshore.
Bixby tried to persuade the county to build a road to Bixby Creek, but they refused, replying that "no one would want to live there."
In 1870, Bixby and his father hired men to improve the track and constructed the first wagon road including 23 bridges from the Carmel Mission to Bixby Creek.
Further south, the Rancho El Sur grant extended from the mouth of Little Sur River inland about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) over the coastal mountains and south along the coast past the mouth of the Big Sur River to Cooper's Point.
It was largely a cattle operation.
There was a brief industrial boom in the late 19th Century, but the early decades of the twentieth century passed with few changes, and Big Sur remained a nearly inaccessible wilderness.
As late as the 1920s, only two homes in the entire region had electricity, locally generated by water wheels and windmills.
Most of the population lived without power until connections to the California electric grid were established in the early 1950s.
The region has always been relatively difficult to access and only the sturdiest and most self-sufficient settlers stayed.
In 1886 Bixby partnered with W. B.
Post and they improved and realigned what became known as the Old Coast Road south to Post's ranch near Sycamore Canyon.
At Bixby Creek, the road was necessarily built inland to circumvent the deep canyon.
It also circumvented the wide canyon mouth of the Little Sur River.
The road led to the Post family home, about south of the Molera Ranch on the former Rancho El Sur.
Even then, the trip from Carmel could take three days by wagon or stagecoach.
The single-lane road was closed in winter when it became impassable.
Coast residents would occasionally receive supplies via a hazardous landing by boat from Monterey or San Francisco.
By around 1900, residents extended the road another south near Castro Canyon, near the present-day location of Deetjen's Big Sur Inn.
The Pfeiffer family's hospitality was enjoyed by friends and strangers alike for years.
They finally began charging guests in 1910, naming it Pfeiffer's Ranch Resort, and it became one of the earliest places to stay.
In July 1937, the California Highways and Public Works department described the journey.
"There was a narrow, winding, steep road from Carmel south ... approximately 35 miles to the Big Sur River.
From that point south to San Simeon, it could only be traveled by horseback or on foot."
The southern portion, which was for many years merely a foot and horse trail, became known as the "Coast Ridge Road."
It used to begin near the Old Post Ranch.
It is currently only accessible on foot from near the Ventana Inn.
It passes through private land and connects with the Nacimiento-Fergusson Road.
It follows the crest of the coastal ridge south about to within a couple of miles of Cone Peak.
Both the Old Coast Road and the Coast Ridge Road are often unusable during and after winter storms.
Due to the limited access, settlement was primarily concentrated near the Big Sur River and present-day Lucia, and individual settlements along a stretch of coast between the two.
The northern and southern regions of the coast were isolated from one another.
The southern region of Monterey County coast was isolated from the few settlements in the north by the steep terrain.
The southern homesteaders were more closely tied to the people in the interior San Antonio Valley including the Jolon and Lockwood areas than to coastal communities to the north.
A horse trail connected Jolon through present-day Fort Hunter Liggett to the Santa Lucia divide, from which several trails split to the coast or to the several mining camps.
Those who lived in the vicinity of the Big Sur River were connected with Monterey to the north.
On April 21, 1894, Dr. John L. D. Roberts, a physician and land speculator who had founded Seaside, California and resided on the Monterey Peninsula, was summoned to assist treating survivors of the wreck of the S.S. "Los Angeles" (originally USRC "Wayanda"), which had run aground near the Point Sur Light Station about south of Carmel-by-the-Sea.
The ride on his two-wheeled, horse-drawn cart took him hours, a very fast trip for the day.
In 1897, he walked the entire stretch of rocky coast from Monterey to San Luis Obispo in five days and mapped out a course of the future road.
He photographed the land and became the first surveyor of the route.
He became convinced of the need for a road along the coast to San Simeon, which he believed could be built for $50,000 ().
In 1915, he presented the results of his survey and photographic work to a joint session of the California legislature.
Roberts initially promoted the coastal highway to allow access to a region of spectacular beauty, but failed to obtain funding.
California was booming during the 1920s, driven by rapidly expanding aviation, oil, and agricultural business.
The number of state residents doubled between 1910 and 1930.
This stimulated the rapid expansion of the state's road network.
State Senator Elmer S. Rigdon from Cambria, at the southern end of the Big Sur region, embraced the necessity of building the road.
He was a member of the California Senate Committee on Roads and Highways and promoted the military necessity of defending California's coast which persuaded the legislature to approve the project.
In 1919, the legislature approved building Route 56, or the Carmel – San Simeon Highway, to connect Big Sur to the rest of California.
A $1.5 million bond issue was approved by voters, but construction was delayed by World War I.
Federal funds were appropriated and in 1921 voters approved additional state funds.
Additional funds were made available from the National Industrial Recovery Act in June, 1933.
California received $15 million for state highway work.
The California state legislature passed a law in 1915 that allowed the state to use convict labor under the control of the State Board of Prison Directors and prison guards.
In 1918, state highway engineer Lester Gibson led a mule pack train along the Big Sur coast to complete an initial survey to locate the future Coast Highway.
When the convict labor law was revised in 1921, it gave control of the convicts and camps to the Division of Highways, although control and discipline remained with the State Board of Prison Directors and guards.
The law helped the contractors who had a difficult time attracting labor to work in remote regions of the state.
The first contract was awarded in 1921.
The contractor Blake and Heaney built a prison labor camp for 120 prisoners and 20 paid laborers at Piedras Blancas Light Station.
They began work on of road between Piedras Blancas Light Station near San Simeon and Salmon Creek.
Most of the road lay within San Luis Obisbo County.
As they progressed, the work camp was moved north to Willow Creek and then another north to Kirk Creek.
When the section to Salmon Creek was completed, the crew began work on the road north toward Big Creek.
Contractor George Pollock Company of Sacramento started construction next on one of the most remote segments, a stretch between Anderson Canyon and Big Sur in September, 1922.
The region was so remote and access so poor that the company brought most of its supplies and equipment in by barge at a sheltered cove near the middle of the project.
Machines were hoisted to the road level using steam-powdered donkey engines.
Construction required extensive excavation utilizing steam shovels and explosives on the extremely steep slopes.
The work was dangerous, and accidents and earth slides were common.
One or more accidents were reported nearly every week.
Equipment was frequently damaged and lost.
In one incident, a steam shovel fell more than into the ocean and was destroyed.
Overcoming all the difficulties, the crews completed two portions of the highway in October, 1924, the southern section from San Simeon to Salmon Creek and a second segment from the Big Sur Village south to Anderson Creek.
When these sections were completed, the contractor had used up all of the available funds and work was halted.
California Governor Friend William Richardson felt the state could not afford to complete the remaining, including the most difficult section remaining between Salmon Creek and Anderson Canyon.
In March, 1928, work was renewed.
Convicts were paid $2.10 per day but the cost of clothing, food, medical attention, toilet articles, transportation to the camp, construction tools, and even their guards was deducted from their pay.
Actual wages were just under $0.34 per day.
If a convict escaped, the law provided for a reward of $200 for their capture and return.
The reward was automatically deducted from the all other convict's pay.
San Quentin State Prison set up three temporary prison camps to provide unskilled convict labor to help with road construction.
The first was built in March, 1928 near Salmon Creek for 120 prisoners and 20 free men.
They worked north toward Big Creek, about south of Carmel.
In July, 1928, a second camp was built near the mouth of the Little Sur River on the El Sur Ranch about south of Carmel.
They worked on an section of the highway from to the south, to Rocky Creek, about to the north.
When they completed this portion in 1932, the contractor moved the work camp south to Anderson Creek.
From this camp, they built the road south south to Big Creek.
When this task was finished, the workers almost completely reconstructed and realigned he portion of the road from Anderson Creek to Big Sur that had been completed in 1924.
Two and three shifts of convicts and free men worked every day, using four large steam shovels.
Locals, including writer John Steinbeck, also worked on the road.
The construction employed primitive construction methods.
The laborers used tons of dynamite and blasted large amounts of earth and rock debris over the edge of the road and often into the ocean.
Many members of the original families were upset by the damage to the environment caused by the construction.
When the workers cut into hillsides, they left naked scars void of brush, and pushed "millions and millions and billions of yards of earth" down the slopes and into the oceans.
Walt Trotter, a long-time resident of the coast who had many years of experience in construction, observed in 1978 that the road could have been better built.
"Had this been a modern constructed way," he said, "it would have been all infilled, tailgated, the brush would have been cleared off all the cuts, they would have taken the dozers and gone down and compacted all the fill."
Still, looking at a picture of the construction, he said, "Then they would have started up here at the top of the hill and made nice slopes all the it way down and benched it down and you wouldn't have had all this..."
Road construction necessitated construction of 29 bridges, the most difficult of which was the bridge over Bixby Creek, about south of Carmel.
Upon completion, the Bixby Creek Bridge was long, wide, above the creek bed below, and had a main span of .
The bridge was designed to support more than six times its intended load.
When it was completed on October 15, 1932, Bixby Creek Bridge was the largest arched highway structure in the Western states.
Five more reinforced concrete bridges were built at Rocky, Granite, Garapata, Malpaso, and Wildcat Creeks.
But the entire highway was not completed for another five years.
All of the concrete arch bridges were listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
They were also included in the California Register of Historic Resources in 1992.
The contractor built a large bridge of Redwood with a span of at Dolan Creek because of the considerable distance required to haul concrete.
They also built wood bridges at Lime Creek, Prewitt Creek, Wild Cattle Creek and Torre Canyon.
Steel bridges were built at Burns Creek, San Simeon Creek, Pico Creek, Castro Canyon, Mill Creek and Little Pico Creek.
The timber and steel bridges, with the exception of Castro Canyon and Mill Creek, were all replaced with concrete bridges later on.
To provide water to thirsty travelers, the Civilian Conservation Corps built between 1933 and 1937 six hand-crafted stone drinking fountains at Soda Springs, Big Redwood, Willow Creek/Seven Stairs, Lucia, and Rigdon.
The crews built masonry stone walls around local springs at each location.
One of the fountains is believed to have been lost due to one of the many landslides.
Some of them are still operational.
After 18 years of construction, aided by New Deal funds during the Great Depression, the paved two-lane road was completed and opened on June 17, 1937.
About of dynamite was used to help blast more than of granite, marble and sandstone.
Bixby Bridge alone required 300,000 board feet of Douglas fir, of concrete, and of reinforcing steel.
On June 27, 1937, Governor Frank Merriam led a caravan from the Cambria Pines Lodge to San Simeon, where dedication ceremonies began.
The wife of the late Senator Elmer Rigdon, who had promoted the bridge and obtained funding, dedicated a silver fir to her husband's memory.
A water fountain in a turnout between Vicente Creek Bridge and Big Creek Bridge, four miles north of Lucia, was dedicated as the Elmer Rigdon Memorial Drinking Fountain.
The Native Sons of the Golden West dedicated two redwood trees.
The caravan then drove north to Pfeiffer Redwoods State Park, where a larger dedication ceremony was held.
The initial $1.5 million bond measure wasn't enough.
The final cost when the road was completed 18 years later was $19 million (equivalent to $ million in ).
The road was initially called the Carmel-San Simeon Highway, but was better known as the Roosevelt Highway, honoring then-current President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
The road was frequently closed for extended periods during the winter, making it a seasonal route.
During 1941, of rain fell on Big Sur, and the state considered abandoning the route.
Slides were so common that gates were used to close the road to visitors at the northern and southern ends during the winter.
During World War II, nighttime blackouts along the coast were ordered as a precaution against Japanese attack.
The opening of Highway 1 in 1937 dramatically altered the local economy.
Before the highway was completed, a developer who wanted to build a subdivision offered to buy the Pfeiffer Ranch from John and Florence Pfeiffer for $210,000 ($ in ).
John was the son of Big Sur pioneers Michael Pfeiffer and Barbara Laquet.
Pfeiffer wanted the land preserved and he sold to the state of California in 1933.
This became the foundation of Pfeiffer Big Sur State Park.
The Civilian Conservation Corps built campgrounds, buildings, fences, a footbridge, and trails in Pfeiffer Big Sur State Park.
They used redwood lumber and river rocks as building materials to create a wood and stone "park rustic" style.
They also fought fires and removed poison oak.
A relative of the Pfeiffer family built the Big Sur River Inn in 1934.
Land values rose.
Some residents regretted the access provided by the highway.
Jaime de Angulo, who first arrived in Big Sur in 1915, wrote:
Deetjen's Big Sur Inn was opened in 1936.
The region's economy and population growth was driven by a change to a tourist-oriented economy and the construction of permanent and summer homes.
Many visitor facilities were constructed.
The agricultural and industrial economy was quickly supplanted by a tourism-oriented economy.
The route was incorporated into the state highway system and re-designated as Highway 1 in 1939.
In 1940, the state contracted for "the largest installation of guard rail ever placed on a California state highway", calling for of steel guard rail and 3,649 guide posts along of the road.
During the 1970s, highway engineers and others advocating turning the two-lane road into a four-lane freeway.
In 1976, the state legislature limited the road along the Big Sur coast to two lanes.
Highway 1 has been at capacity for many years.
As early as 1977, the U.S. Forest Service noted in its environmental impact statement, "Highway 1 has reached its design capacity during peak-use periods."
It is currently at or near capacity much of the year.
The primary transportation objective of the Big Sur Coastal Land Use plan is to maintain Highway 1 as a scenic two-lane road and to reserve most remaining capacity for the priority uses of the act.
The steep topography, active faults, diverse geology, and seasonal storms combine to make the rugged Big Sur area one of the most landslide-prone stretches of the California coast.
As a result, the California Department of Transportation has had to make many repairs to the road.
Highway 1 has been closed on more than 55 occasions due to damage from landslides, mudslides, erosion, and fire.
Aside from Highway 1, the only access to Big Sur is via the winding, narrow, long Nacimiento-Fergusson Road, which from Highway 1 south of Lucia passes east through Fort Hunter Liggett to Mission Road in Jolon.
It's about a and hour-and-a-half drive to Highway 101.
On January 15, 1952, the highway was closed north of San Simeon to Big Sur due to "numerous heavy slides."
December 1955 was the fifth wettest since 1872.
At the Big Sur Maintenance Station, 8.45 inches of rain was recorded in one 24-hour period on December 23.
Torrential rains caused flood conditions throughout Monterey County and Highway 1 in Big Sur was closed in numerous locations due to slides.
A series of storms in the winter of 1983 caused four major road-closing slides between January and April, including a large high landslide slide near Julia Pfeiffer Burns State Park and McWay Falls that buried Highway 1 with of rocks and dirt.
Twenty-six bulldozers worked for 22 weeks to clear the highway.
The repair crews pushed the slide into the ocean which ended up creating a beach inside McWay Cove that didn't exist before.
It was up to that date the largest earth-moving project ever undertaken by CalTrans.
CalTrans routinely pushed slide debris into the ocean shore until the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary was created in 1992, which made dumping material into the ocean illegal.
Highway 1 was closed for 14 months.
In 1998, about 40 different locations on the road were damaged by El Niño storms, including a major slide south of Gorda that closed the road for almost three months.
The Associated Press described the damage as "the most extensive destruction in the 60-year history of the world famous scenic route."
In March 2011, a section of Highway 1 just south of the Rocky Creek Bridge collapsed, closing the road for several months until a single lane bypass could be built.
The state replaced that section of road with a viaduct that wraps around the unstable hillside.
On January 16, 2016, the road was closed for portions of a day due to a mudslide near Julia Pfeiffer Burns State Park.
In January 2014, CalTrans completed construction of a new bridge and rock shelter at Pitkins Curve in Big Sur, one of the ongoing trouble spots on Highway 1 near Limekiln State Park.
One individual was killed while repairing the road.
In 1983, Skinner Pierce died while clearing the slide near Julia Pfeiffer Burns State Park when the bulldozer he was operating fell down the slide into the ocean.
His body was never recovered.
During the summer of 2016, the road was closed on several occasions due to the Soberanes Fire.
During the following winter, Pfeiffer Big Sur State Park received more than of rain, while other locations received up to , the most rain recorded since 1915.
In early February 2017, several mudslides blocked the road in more than half a dozen locations.
A bridge failure and two major slides closed the highway for more than 14 months.
The closure of Highway 1 in two locations isolated 60 families and 350 residents for weeks, forced Esalen Institute to evacuate guests by helicopter, and residents to ferry supplies in the same way.
Just south of Pfeiffer Big Sur State Park, shifting earth damaged a pier supporting a bridge over the deep Pfeiffer Canyon.
CalTrans immediately closed the highway and announced the next day that the Pfeiffer Canyon Bridge was damaged beyond repair and would have to be replaced.
Highway 1 remained closed.
CalTrans immediately began planning to replace the bridge and contracted with XKT Engineering on Mare Island to construct a replacement single-span steel girder bridge.
The new roadway was designed without support piers.
The rebuilt bridge opened on October 13, 2017 at a cost of $24 million.
To the south, a slide totalling about million closed Highway 1 in February at a perennial problem point known as Paul's Slide, north of the Nacimiento-Ferguson Road.
Businesses and residents were isolated between the Pfeiffer Canyon Bridge and Paul's Slide.
For about two weeks supplies and residents were ferried in and out by helicopter.
CalTrans contractors finally opened the road for residents and delivery trucks to limited one-way controlled traffic.
On May 20, the largest slide in the highway's history at Mud Creek blocked the road southeast of Gorda or about south of Monterey.
The slide began up the side of the mountain and dumped an estimated , or about 1.5 million tons of dirt, on to the road and more than into the ocean.
The slide was national and worldwide news.
Larger than the slide that blocked the highway in 1983 at Julia Pfeiffer Burns State park, it covered one-quarter-mile (.40 km) of the highway and buried it up to deep in some places.
On August 2, 2017, CalTrans decided to rebuild the highway over the slide instead of clearing it.
To stabilize the toe of the slide and prevent the surf from further eroding the slide, CalTrans contractors brought in about of rock to build the revetment.
Crews worked seven days a week, at least 12 hours per day, from January 2017 until mid-July 2018 to get the road repaired.
It was reopened on July 18, 2018 at a cost of $54 million.
CalTrans announced in December 2019 that they would preemptively close the highway in advance of forecasts of significant rain.
The drive along Highway 1 has been described as "one of the best drives on Earth", and is considered one of the top 10 motorcycle rides in the United States.
Highway 1 was named the most popular drive in California in 2014 by the American Automobile Association.
"Condé Nast Traveler" named State Route 1 through Big Sur one of the top 10 world-famous streets, comparable to Broadway in New York City and the Champs-Élysées in Paris.
The drive along Highway 1 has been described as "one of the best drives on Earth", and is considered one of the top 10 motorcycle rides in the United States.
Highway 1 was named the most popular drive in California in 2014 by the American Automobile Association.
Most of the nearly 7 million tourists who currently visit Big Sur each year never leave Highway 1, because the adjacent Santa Lucia Range is one of the largest roadless coastal areas in the entire United States; Highway 1 and the Nacimiento-Fergusson Road offer the only paved access into and out of the region.
The beauty of the scenery along the narrow, two-lane road attracts enormous crowds during summer vacation periods and holiday weekends, and traffic is frequently slow.
Visitors have reported to the California Highway Patrol hours-long stop-and-go traffic from Rocky Creek Bridge to Rio Road in Carmel during the Memorial Day weekend.
The highway winds along the western flank of the mountains mostly within sight of the Pacific Ocean, varying from near sea level up to a sheer drop to the water.
Most of the highway is extremely narrow, with tight curves, steep shoulders and blind turns.
The route offers few or no passing lanes and, along some stretches, very few pullouts.
The sides are occasionally so steep that the shoulders are virtually non-existent.
Since the introduction of smart phones and social media, the popularity of certain Big Sur attractions like Bixby Creek Bridge, Pfeiffer Beach, McWay Falls, and the Pine Ridge Trail have dramatically increased.
During holiday weekends and most summer vacation periods, traffic congestion and parking in these areas can be extremely difficult.
Some locations have limited parking, and visitors park on the shoulder of Highway 1, sometimes leaving inadequate space for passing vehicles.
At Bixby Creek Bridge, visitors sometimes park on the nearby Old Coast Road, blocking the road and residents' access to their homes.
Highway 1 is often congested with traffic backed up behind slow drivers.
There are a large number of unpaved pull outs along the highway, but there are only three paved road-side vista points allowing motorists to stop and admire the landscape.
Due to the large number of visitors, congestion and slow traffic between Carmel and Posts is becoming the norm.
There have been reports of tourists leaving their vehicle in the middle of Highway 1 to stop and take pictures.
In 2016, the average daily vehicle counts at the Big Sur River Bridge (milepost 46.595) were 6,500, a 13% increase from 5,700 in 2011.
An average daily vehicle count of 6,500 translates to 2.3 million vehicles per year.
Counts up to 14,200 were obtained from measurements at the northern and southern boundaries of the region.
The lowest number was found at the border of the Monterey and San Luis Obispo County lines.
When the highway opened in 1937, average daily vehicle traffic was over 2,500, but dropped to 1,462 the next year.
It rose somewhat until December 1, 1942, when mandatory gas rationing was instituted during World War II.
The rationing program and a ban on pleasure driving extremely limited the number of visitors who made the trip to Big Sur.
On August 15, 1945, World War II gas rationing was ended on the West Coast of the United States.
The number of vehicles rose dramatically in 1946 and increased steadily.
Tourism and travel boomed along the coast.
When Hearst Castle opened in 1958, a huge number of tourists also flowed through Big Sur.
Visitors continued to increase during the 1960s, due in part to the opening of several major attractions in the area, especially the Esalen Institute.
The filming of "The Sandpiper" in 1964 and its release in 1965 dramatically increased public awareness of the region.
In 1970, the average daily vehicle count was 3,700, and as of 2008, reached about 4,500.
Residents are especially concerned about traffic along single-lane Sycamore Canyon Road to Pfeiffer Beach.
The beach has been owned by the U.S. Forest Service since 1906, and they own an easement along the road.
About 80 homes are situated along Sycamore Canyon Road.
About 600 vehicles a day use the road, but there are only 65 parking spaces at the beach itself, so some tourists park on the highway and walk the road to the beach, which is illegal because the road is so narrow.
On Sunday of Memorial Day weekend in 2018, the parking lot was full all day.
Parks Management Company, which manages the day-use parking lot at Pfeiffer Beach, turned away more than 1,000 cars from the entrance to Sycamore Canyon Road.
Visitors were redirected to the parking lot the Big Sur Station, a nearby multi-agency facility, where for $15 they could park and take a newly introduced shuttle service to the beach.
The Coast Property Owners Association had been pressuring the Forest Service for a shuttle service for more than a year.
Due to the large number of visitors, congestion and slow traffic between Carmel and the Bixby Creek Bridge is frequently the norm during popular holiday and vacation periods.
Residents complain that the bridge area is "like a Safeway parking lot".
Traffic can come to a standstill as motorists wait for a parking spot.
There is a pull out to the north and west side of Highway 1, but when it is full, visitors sometimes fail to completely pull off the highway, leaving inadequate space for passing vehicles.
There are no toilets within several miles of the bridge, and visitors resort to defecating in nearby bushes.
Residents complain about toilet paper, human waste, and trash littering the roadside.
The section of Highway 1 running through Big Sur is widely considered one of the most scenic driving routes in the United States, if not the world.
The views are one reason that Big Sur was ranked second among all United States destinations in TripAdvisor's 2008 Travelers' Choice Destination Awards.
The unblemished natural scenery owes much of its preservation to the highly restrictive development plans enforced in Big Sur; no billboards or advertisements are permitted along the highway and signage for businesses must be modestly scaled and of a rural nature conforming to the Big Sur region.
The state of California designated the section of the highway from Cambria to Carmel Highlands as the first California Scenic Highway in 1965.
In 1966, First Lady Lady Bird Johnson led the official scenic road designation ceremony at Bixby Creek Bridge.
In 1996, the road became one of the first designated by the federal government as an "All-American Road" under the National Scenic Byways Program.
CNN Traveler named McWay Falls as the most beautiful place in California.
2019–20 UC Riverside Highlanders men's basketball team
The 2019–20 UC Riverside Highlanders men's basketball team represent the University of California, Riverside in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Highlanders, led by 2nd-year head coach David Patrick, play their home games at SRC Arena in Riverside, California as members of the Big West Conference.
The Highlanders finished the 2018–19 season 10–23 overall, 4–12 in Big West play, finishing in 8th place.
In the Big West Tournament, they were defeated by UC Irvine in the quarterfinals.
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Big West regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Big West Tournament
Source
Gam (nautical term)
Gam is a nautical term to describe one whaling ship (or "whaler") paying a social visit to another at sea.
The term was first used to describe a school of whales, and whalemen may have taken its meaning from that source.
Herman Melville titles Chapter 53 of "Moby Dick", "The Gam."
After explaining that the word does not appear in dictionaries, he gives his own definition:
He then expounds its meaning for whalers:
William Hussey Macy describes the meeting of two ships at sea as a "beautiful and imposing sight".
He describes a "good old-fashioned 'gam'" as "rough entertainment," but with a "vein of politeness and deference to their guests... which might be studied with profit by many accostomed to more courtly circles."
Macy reported that "a man who should overstep certain bonds in his intercourse with visitors from a strange ship... would be taken to task unmercifully by his shipmates."
A gam would also be the occasion for the exchange of newspapers, perhaps letters, and tobacco.
Omar Lorméndez Pitalúa
Omar Lorméndez Pitalúa (born 18 January 1972) is a Mexican suspected drug lord and high-ranking member of Los Zetas, a criminal group based in Tamaulipas, Mexico.
He joined the Mexican Army in 1991 and deserted in 1999.
He then joined the Gulf Cartel under kingpin Osiel Cárdenas Guillén, becoming one of the first members of its newly-formed paramilitary wing, Los Zetas.
Like Lorméndez Pitalúa, most of the first members of Los Zetas were ex-military.
Los Zetas was responsible for providing security services to Cárdenas Guillén and carrying out executions on the cartel's behalf.
In 2001, Lorméndez Pitalúa worked on assignments for Los Zetas, and was responsible for ensuring that smugglers paid taxes to the Gulf Cartel and operated under their supervision in Matamoros.
Lorméndez Pitalúa was then transferred to Nuevo Laredo, where he commanded Zetas forces against affiliates of the rival Sinaloa Cartel.
In 2003, he was sent to Michoacán and formed an alliance with La Familia Michoacana to gain control of the turfs controlled by the Milenio Cartel.
He had the support of local authorities who helped facilitate the Zetas's operations in exchange for bribery payments.
In 2005, Lorméndez Pitalúa was arrested in Michoacán and imprisoned in a maximum-security facility.
Released in 2013, he resumed his organized crime activities and joined the faction Zetas Vieja Escuela.
Omar Lorméndez Pitalúa was born on 18 January 1972 in Tultitlán, State of Mexico, Mexico.
He has an alternative place of birth in Tlalnepantla de Baz, where his birth certificate was registered.
Lorméndez Pitalúa joined the Mexican Army on 21 July 1991.
According to a protected witness, he served as a member of the elite Grupo Aeromóvil de Fuerzas Especiales (GAFE), the special forces unit of the Army.
He deserted from the military on 26 November 1999.
He then joined the Gulf Cartel, a criminal group based in Tamaulipas.
He became a member of the cartel's newly-created paramilitary group, known as Los Zetas, which was largely composed of ex-commandos.
He was hired to work under cartel boss Osiel Cárdenas Guillén and Zetas leader Arturo Guzmán Decena ("Z-1").
Lorméndez Pitalúa is often cited as one of the founding members of Los Zetas who was reportedly part of the Grupo de los 14 (English: Group of 14), a named used to describe the first fourteen Zetas members.
When Lorméndez Pitalúa joined Los Zetas, the group's purpose was to provide security services to Cárdenas Guillén and carry out executions on the cartel's behalf.
Over the years, Los Zetas underwent organizational changes and became increasingly involved in other criminal activities alongside the Gulf Cartel, including drug trafficking.
Lorméndez Pitalúa and other members of Los Zetas were placed in-charge of collecting fees for the Gulf Cartel from people who worked in contraband merchandise, human smuggling, and drug trafficking in Matamoros.
They also guarded prostitution zones and beaches to prevent smugglers from moving illegal merchandise through Matamoros without paying taxes.
In Los Zetas, Lorméndez Pitalúa used the code names "Z-10" and/or "Z8-HK37".
He has several other known aliases, including: "El Pita"; "El Patas"; "Comandante Pita"; "El Chavita", "El Mono Tonto" and "El Mono Zonzo".
His surnames are also sometimes written with slightly different variations: Larméndez, Lormendes, or Patalúa.
Lorméndez Pitalúa married his kidnapping victim Angélica Lagunas Jaramillo after the Gulf Cartel ordered him to abduct her.
The two first met on 16 August 2001, when Lorméndez Pitalúa and other Zetas members abducted Lagunas Jaramillo and her daughter Ana Bertha González Lagunas for running a contraband business in Matamoros without the cartel's authorization.
The Gulf Cartel required independent smugglers to pay a taxation for smuggling drugs and other illegal merchandise in their corridor.
However, Lagunas Jaramillo was running a contraband business of alcohol, perfumes, cocaine and marijuana without paying fees to the cartel.
She had a restaurant from where she operated.
According to the testimony of Lagunas Jaramillo and Agustín Hernández Martínez, a former Gulf Cartel operator and protected witness under the code name "Rafael", the cartel summoned about eighteen Zetas gunmen to abduct Lagunas Jaramillo and her daugther in Matamoros.
The night the incident occurred, they went to her property and rang the door's bell.
When Lagunas Jaramillo opened, the gunmen stormed in and submitted her.
Among the gunmen was Lorméndez Pitalúa.
Lagunas Jaramillo was dragged from her hairs around the house while the gunmen searched for contraband merchandise.
They were unable to find cocaine and marijuana and proceeded to take her money and jewelry.
Lagunas Jaramillo cried for help saying she was being robbed, but Zetas gunmen told her it was because she had failed to pay the cartel's taxation.
She was then forced into a vehicle.
Lagunas Jaramillo was taken by Los Zetas to a secret location known as "Punto Óscar" to meet Cárdenas Guillén.
In the meeting, she was forced to hand over the drugs in her possession, give the cartel the money she had in her bank accounts to pay for the outstanding fees, and work for them.
If she refused, the Gulf Cartel promised to kill her.
Cárdenas Guillén also threatened Lagunas Jaramillo with death if she did not buy houses for the cartel under her name.
The Gulf Cartel intended to use these properties as safehouses.
Cárdenas Guillén told her he would pay her US$100 for each transaction, and that she was exempted from any taxation for her drug operations.
She was also forced to pay MXN$20,000 for each of the gunmen who raided her property.
Both Lagunas Jaramillo and her daughter agreed to the Gulf Cartel's measures.
After leaving the meeting, Lagunas Jaramillo gave Los Zetas the exact location of a vehicle and driver who were holding of her cocaine.
Within a few minutes, Los Zetas seized the merchandise; she agreed to have the cartel keep her drugs.
Approximately three months after her abduction, however, her relationship with Los Zetas strengthened.
Her restaurant became a popular eatery for Zetas members, and she became involved in drug trafficking activities with drugs provided by Los Zetas.
She helped them smuggle narcotics to the U.S. and the drug proceeds back into Mexico along with her daughter.
Cárdenas Guillén trusted her work and allowed her to purchase drugs provided by Colombian suppliers with the cartel's money.
She was allowed to sell the drugs in Mexico or in the U.S., where the risks and earnings were higher.
Both Lagunas Jaramillo and her daughter received uniforms and other accessories from the cartel when they were to participate in an operation.
While working in Los Zetas, Lorméndez Pitalúa and Lagunas Jaramillo became romantically involved; Lorméndez Pitalúa asked Cárdenas Guillén for 15 days off to organize his wedding.
Both married in 2002.
Guzmán Decena also became romantically involved with Lagunas Jaramillo's daughter and both had a child out of wedlock.
On 21 November 2002, Guzmán Decena was killed in a shootout with the Mexican Army in Matamoros, close to Lagunas Jaramillo's restaurant.
Cárdenas Guillén ordered that González Laguna be paid part of Guzmán Decena's salary every fifteen days (the salary was divided between the three of Guzmán Decena's lovers, including González Laguna).
While in Los Zetas, Lorméndez Pitalúa worked on several assignments directed by Guzmán Decena.
On 20 June 2001, he was part of an assault team of twenty-five Zetas members that raided the Tamaulipas State Police headquarters in Matamoros to release José Ramón Dávila López ("El Cholo"), a high-ranking Zetas member.
According to eye-witnesses, Lorméndez Pitalúa and his associates stormed the police installations wearing black uniforms and sporting AK-47s and AR-15s, and used a tear-gas grenade launcher to rescue their comrade.
Although Los Zetas were successful at rescuing Dávila López, they suffered a few losses: Zetas member Hugo Ponce Salazar ("Z-4") was arrested alongside former Matamoros Municipal Police officer José Octavio Garza Garza and José Guadalupe Vidaña Triana.
In retaliation for the losses suffered by security forces and the increased police activity in their turf, Los Zetas reportedly responded less than three weeks later by murdering state police chief Jaime Yañez Cantú and his driver Gerardo Gascón Soltero in a drive-by shooting on 9 July 2001 in Matamoros.
Dávila López began working under Lorméndez Pitalúa and Lazcano Lazcano as one of the cartel's lead assassins.
On 14 March 2003, Cárdenas Guillén was arrested by the Mexican Army in Matamoros.
His arrest dealt a huge blow to the Gulf Cartel and forced several cartel members to go into hiding temporarily.
From March to August, Gulf Cartel leaders Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez ("El Coss") and Gregorio Sauceda Gamboa ("El Caramuela") hid and operated under a low-profile, but Lazcano Lazcano took over some of the operational activities of the cartel and regrouped them.
During that time, Lorméndez Pitalúa was based out of Nuevo Laredo and reportedly operated on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border.
The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had information that Lorméndez Pitalúa and other Zetas members lived in Laredo, Texas.
He was in charge of taking control of the turf from other gangs that operated in the area: Los Cachos, Los Texas and Flores Soto.
His main objective, however, was to help the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas in their turf war against the Sinaloa Cartel; rival gangsters Eloy Treviño García and Edgar Valdez Villarreal ("La Barbie") opposed Lorméndez Pitalúa's expansionist plans and ordered their associates to wage a war against them.
Lorméndez Pitalúa's campaign against the Sinaloa Cartel also extended to other parts of Tamaulipas, Guerrero, Michoacán, Nuevo León and Mexico City.
He had the support of cartel members Mateo Díaz López, Raúl Lucio Hernández Lechuga ("El Lucky"), Héctor Manuel Sauceda Gamboa ("El Karis"), Iván Velázquez Caballero ("El Talibán") and Miguel Treviño Morales ("Z-40").
In late 2003, Zetas member Flavio Méndez Santiago ("El Amarillo") and Lorméndez Pitalúa were sent to Michoacán to combat the rival forces of the Milenio Cartel and attempt to take over their turf.
The rival Beltrán Leyva Cartel also operated in the area and Los Zetas was in-charge of eliminating their influence in Zihuatanejo and Acapulco.
Lorméndez Pitalúa was appointed as the head of Los Zetas in Michoacán by Lazcano Lazcano during a meeting held in Valle Hermoso, Tamaulipas.
While in Michoacán, Lorméndez Pitalúa became a close ally of Carlos Rosales Mendoza ("El Tísico") and Servando Gómez Martínez ("La Tuta"), who headed the Michoacán-based La Familia Michoacana criminal group.
Aside from working against the Milenio Cartel, Lorméndez Pitalúa was also responsible for establishing connections with authorities to help Los Zetas gain information from officials working against them.
He had local authorities from Michoacán and Guerrero providing him with this information and protection from the local police.
Public officials were paid by Los Zetas to allow them to operate freely in the area without being arrested.
Lorméndez Pitalúa paid officials in U.S. dollars and in payments from US$50,000 and higher.
He also bought uniforms and weapons for the police.
In Michoacán, Lorméndez Pitalúa had two former Kaibiles (special forces soldiers from the Guatemalan Armed Forces) under his command.
In addition to building ties with officials, he was also responsible for renting safehouses to house Zetas members in the area.
According to reports from the Subprocuraduría de Investigación Especializada en Delincuencia Organizada (SIEDO), Mexico's organized crime investigation agency, Lorméndez Pitalúa worked closely with Julio César Godoy Toscano, former Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) deputy in Michoacán.
Godoy reportedly joined La Familia Michoacana in 2004 during a meeting with Lorméndez Pitalúa and Lázaro Cárdenas mayor aspirant Gustavo Torres Camacho.
The meeting took place at the home of Rosales Mendoza's sibling Lorenzo.
Federal authorities suspect that Godoy reportedly received US$350,000 to support Torres Camacho's political election and to provide the cartel with information from the police about law enforcement operations against them.
The money came directly from cartel boss Nazario Moreno González ("El Chayo").
On 18 June 2003, Mexico's Attorney General's Office (PGR) placed an unspecified bounty on 31 members of Los Zetas, including Lorméndez Pitalúa.
Authorities stated that Lorméndez Pitalúa was "highly dangerous", given his military background and his suspected role in homicides, drug trafficking, kidnappings, and carjackings.
This announcement was made after the Specialized Unit Against Organized Crime (UEDO) identified him as a high-ranking member of Los Zetas following the 14 March arrest of Cárdenas Guillén.
Unlike other Zetas members who voluntarily requested their release from the military, Lorméndez Pitalúa had deserted and joined organized crime, which is considered high treason in a military court.
He was wanted by the PGR, the Secretariat of National Defense (SEDENA) and the Secretariat of Public Security (SSP) for his outstanding charges.
From 2004 to 2009, Lorméndez Pitalúa laundered his money by using businessman Carlos Sotelo Luviano as his main strawperson.
Sotelo reportedly worked for Los Zetas and managed 37 bank accounts owned by Lorméndez Pitalúa.
He underwent plastic surgery multiple times to hide his identity and used the aliases Francisco Chaire Huerta and Jorge Lagunas Jaramillo to purchase assets on Lorméndez Pitalúa's behalf.
Among the assets purchased included Pemex gas stations, houses, vehicles, and multiple commercial establishments in Morelos, Guerrero and Mexico City.
Los Zetas preferred to launder money by purchasing gas stations because they viewed it as a discreet way of investing their money in the economy.
Lazcano Lazcano oversaw the overall strategic initiative for Los Zetas in this market space, and used Lorméndez Pitalúa and his cousin Humberto Canales Lazcano ("Comandante Chivo") as his trusted business partners.
Some Pemex officials and third-party contractors worked in complicity with Los Zetas; others who opposed their initiatives were extorted, had family members kidnapped, or were killed by the cartel.
In his first year of working for Lorméndez Pitalúa, Sotelo bought a Pemex franchise and paid MXN$200,000 to be granted a license to operate.
This gas station, Servicios Gasolineros San Carlos, S.A. de C.V, was based in Morelos.
In 2007, he purchased another gas station in Morelos, Servicios Gasolineros Anacele, S.A. de C.V., after agreeing to pay MXN$312,000 to be granted a license to operate.
When Lorméndez Pitalúa was captured in 2005, Sotelo transferred the bank accounts to Lazcano Lazcano.
Sotelo was arrested in 2009 with his business partner Jaime Macedo Salgado after a judge issued an arrest warrant for their captures.
At the moment of his arrest, Sotelo was planning to open another gas station for Los Zetas in Guerrero.
The PGR charged Sotelo with laundering at least MXN$491,812,000 in drug proceeds for Lorméndez Pitalúa and raided Sotelo's gas stations, houses and vehicles in Cuernavaca, Mexico City and Acapulco.
The PGR was able to get approval from the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation (SCJN) to expropriate the properties owned by Sotelo because they were believed to be owned by an organized crime group.
When Sotelo was arrested, the government confirmed that Lorméndez Pitalúa was on trial in a federal court in the State of Mexico.
On 24 March 2010, the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), a branch of the United States Department of the Treasury, sanctioned 54 high-ranking members of the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas, including Lorméndez Pitalúa, under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (Kingpin Act).
This sanction was made after U.S. and Mexican officials met in Mexico City the day before as part of the Mérida Initiative.
It also included the support of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and their special operations team, which assisted the OFAC in identifying the designated suspects.
The list of designated suspects included drug traffickers, money launders, hitmen, and enforcers.
Several of them controlled drug trafficking operations in Tamaulipas, Nuevo León, and other parts of Mexico, and had previous drug charges in the U.S.
Though Lorméndez Pitalúa was already imprisoned in Mexico at the time of the sanction, he faced charges in the U.S. and was considered a fugitive.
As part of the sanction, the U.S. government prohibited U.S. citizens from engaging in business activities with Lorméndez Pitalúa and froze all of his U.S.-based assets; this was done to reduce his financial support to the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas and prevent him from having access to the international financial sector.
If found guilty in a civil court, Lorméndez Pitalúa would face up to US$1.075 million in fines per violation.
Corporate officers could face up to US$5 million in fines and up to 30 years in prison for violations of these provisions.
On 21 September 2005, Mexican authorities received an anonymous tip on Lorméndez Pitalúa's whereabouts and proceeded to apprehend him in Lázaro Cárdenas.
He was in possession of a fake identification card from the Federal Investigative Agency (AFI), as well as multiple firearms, grenades and communication equipment.
He was initially identified by his alias Martín Hinojosa García.
The arrest occurred as Lorméndez Pitalúa was heading to one of his safehouses with his henchmen.
He was driving a Jeep Grand Cherokee vehicle and had just kidnapped a man who was suspected of being part of the Beltrán Leyva Cartel.
They stumbled across him by coincidence; Lorméndez Pitalúa had recently relocated to Lázaro Cárdenas and was driving around the city looking to purchase an air condition unit for his new residence.
When the police closed in on him, his outlooks tried to notify other of his henchmen that he needed reinforcements, but he was unable to escape and was apprehended.
Lorméndez Pitalúa was sent to the municipal police station where he was fully identified.
Lorméndez Pitalúa was then transported by the Mexican Air Force to Mexico City for his legal proceedings at the PGR offices.
On 16 October, a federal judge confirmed his organized crime involvement charge and ordered his transfer to the Federal Social Readaptation Center No.
2 ("Puente Grande"), a maximum-security prison in Jalisco.
The other suspects who were arrested with him were also charged and transferred to the prison.
After his arrest, Los Zetas placed Efraín Teodoro Torres and Gustavo González Castro ("El Erótico") as heads of the group in Michoacán.
Lorméndez Pitalúa was later transferred to the Federal Social Readaptation Center No.
1 ("Altiplano"), a maximum-security prison in the State of Mexico.
In 2013, Lorméndez Pitalúa was released from prison and resumed his organized crime activities.
He is part of a faction of Los Zetas known as the Zetas Vieja Escuela (English: Old School Zetas).
They are rivals to the Northeast Cartel, another Zetas faction.
There are numerous criminals cells under Lorméndez Pitalúa command, including: Sangre Zeta, Grupo Operativo Zeta, Comando Zetas, El Círculo, El Extranjero, Unidad Zeta, Néctar Lima, Grupo Delta Zeta and Fuerzas Especiales Zeta.
He operates primarily out of Tamaulipas, with presence in Mexican states of Tabasco, Quintana Roo and Oaxaca.
Lorméndez Pitalúa had original Zetas member Luis Reyes Enríquez ("El Rex") under his command.
He was responsible for helping Lorméndez Pitalúa build a network of corrupt local authorities to help in their criminal operations.
On 26 February 2016, members of Lorméndez Pitalúa's faction dismembered the body of a suspected rival gangster and dumped it near a gas station in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas.
Next to the corpse was a written message threatening authorities and civilians in the area.
It was signed with the codes names of Reyes Enríquez, Díaz López, Lorméndez Pitalúa and Jesús Enrique Rejón Aguilar ("El Mamito").
"This goes against all of the authorities, civilians and military, move the hell away because I am coming after whomever gets in my way or helps the fucking [Northeast Cartel]", the message read.
On 20 March 2016, Mexico's PGR, SEDENA and Secretariat of the Navy (SEMAR), with the help of U.S. authorities, identified Lorméndez Pitalúa as a leading player in the Zetas Vieja Escuela faction.
He was accused of being responsible for driving drug-related violence in Tamaulipas.
Derek Price (American football)
Derek Christopher Price (born August 12, 1972) is a former American football tight end who played for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL).
He played college football at University of Iowa.
Mary Fletcher Wells
Mary Fletcher Wells (d. September 14, 1893) was a philanthropist, educator, and founder of the Trinity School.
Wells was unable to formally matriculate at Michigan University and instead studied there under private tutelage.
She taught in high schools and seminaries in Indiana.
After the Civil War, she was determined to educate formerly enslaved people and their children, and relocated to Athens, Alabama initially to care for wounded Union soldiers as a Baptist missionary.
She founded the Trinity School.
The school was sponsored by the Western Freedmen’s Aid Commission and the American Missionary Association, located in a Baptist church in 1865.
Wells initially taught under the protection of armed guards.
It was the only high school for black students in the county and the first school in the northern half of the state offering kindergarten for black children.
The school had an integrated faculty by 1892.
Wells would teach, can fruits and vegetables for the winter, and return north to raise funds for the school in the summers.
She remained at the school for twenty-seven years.
Trinity was closed due to court-ordered desegregation in 1970.
While teaching at Trinity, Wells made the acquaintance of Patti Malone and Alice Vassar LaCour who performed with the Fisk Jubilee Singers.
She traveled with the singers for the first four months of their US tour.
She retired back to her summer home in Chautauqua, New York where she was an early member of the Chatauqua Literary and Scientific Circle.
Wells was born in Villenova, New York to Roderic Wells and Mary Greenleaf, the sixth of ten children.
Fighting Valley
Fighting Valley is a 1943 American Western film written and directed by Oliver Drake.
The film stars Dave O'Brien, James Newill, Guy Wilkerson, Patti McCarty, John Merton and Robert Bice.
The film was released on August 8, 1943, by Producers Releasing Corporation.
The Rangers investigate the theft of ore from a smelting mine.
The Texas Rangers series:
2020 Girls' EuroHockey Youth Championships
The 2020 Girls' EuroHockey Youth Championships will be the 11th edition of the Girls' EuroHockey Youth Championship.
The tournament will be held alongside the men's tournament from 12 to 18 July 2020 in Kazan, Russia.
The following teams have qualified for the 2020 EuroHockey Youth Championship:
The eight teams were split into two groups of four teams.
The top two teams advanced to the semifinals to determine the winner in a knockout system.
The bottom two teams played in a new group with the teams they did not play against in the group stage.
The last two teams were relegated to the EuroHockey Youth Championship II.
The points obtained in the preliminary round against the other team are taken over.
List of African-American newspapers in Ohio
This is a list of African-American newspapers that have been published in the state of Ohio.
The history of African-American publishing in Ohio is longer than in many Midwestern states, beginning well before the Civil War.
In 1843, the "Palladium of Liberty" became Ohio's first African-American newspaper.
It was followed by the "Aliened American" in Cleveland in the 1850s, and by the Cincinnati "The Colored Citizen" in 1863, which was one of the few African-American newspapers published during the Civil War.
Notable African-American newspapers currently published in Ohio include the Akron "Reporter", "The Cincinnati Herald", the Cleveland "Call and Post", "The Toledo Journal", and the Youngstown "Buckeye Review".
Wallace Van Jackson
Wallace Van Jackson (May 6, 1900 – December 14, 1982) was an American librarian and civil rights activist.
He was the director of several academic libraries over his career and was respected for developing collections that promoted the history of African Americans; he was also instrumental in creating reference services and building library collections for multiple libraries in Africa.
Van Jackson was part of a group that successfully challenged voter discrimination against African Americans in 1944 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Wallace Van Jackson was born in Richmond, Virginia on May 6, 1900.
In 1934 he received bachelors degrees from Virginia Union University and a library science degree from Hampton Institute.
The following year he earned a Masters of Arts in library science from the University of Michigan.
He also studied at the University of Chicago Graduate Library School from 1939 to 1941.
Van Jackson was appointed as head librarian of Virginia Union University in 1927 and worked there until 1934.
While at VUU, he taught one of the earliest courses on African-American history.
Beginning in 1941, he taught reference and collection development at the Atlanta University School of Library Science.
He became the first black librarian of Atlanta University in 1941, serving in that position until 1947.
In 1947 he accepted an invitation to work for the United States Information Agency as a public affairs officer in Monrovia, Liberia.
While abroad, he also attended the UNESCO Library School held in England as the representative of the Library of Congress.
Van Jackson accepted an offer to head the library at Texas Southern University in 1949.
He brought the TSU library to national prominence with his work in creating a graduate school for African Americans and raising funds for library acquisitions as well as a new library building.
He worked as a consultant for the Alabama State College from 1952 to 1954, directing their book acquisition project and drawing up architectural plans for the library building.
He became the library director at Virginia State College in 1954, devoting most of his energy to the design of the Johnston Memorial Library.
He helped establish library services during additional stays in Africa.
From 1962 to 1963, Van Jackson served as deputy director and acquisitions librarian of the National Library of Nigeria.
In 1974 the Black Caucus of the American Library Association and the African-American Scholars Council sponsored his work as assistant to the librarian on the Swaziland campus of the University of Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland; he initiated the library's reference service and created a plan for future development.
While librarian at Mary Holmes College he taught courses in black history; he also taught the African American studies course at Hampton Institute throughout the 1970s.
He worked to develop the George Peabody Collection of Black materials at Hampton.
Throughout his career, he was an energetic member and supporter of library organizations; his service to the American Library Association included memberships on the Committee on Intellectual Freedom from 1952-1954, the ALA Council from 1956-1960, and the Committee on Economic Opportunity Programs from 1965-1967.
He wrote a number of articles throughout his career, including "Some Pioneer Library Workers," the first published biographies of African-American librarians and "Negro Library Workers," the first objective survey of African American library employees.
At the 1936 conference of the American Library Association, held in Richmond, its black members were seated in segregated sections of meeting rooms and were forbidden to attend meal functions or register for conference hotel rooms.
Van Jackson was outspoken in his criticism of ALA before and after the conference, describing the segregation of black librarians as "a shameful slide backward" in "Library Journal".
Several U.S. periodicals (such as "The Nation" and "The New Republic") covered this incident in editorials; because of Van Jackson's efforts, ALA adopted a policy that it would no longer meet in cities that did not guarantee equal accommodations for all ALA conference attendees.
As Secretary of the Citizen's Committee on Democratic Primaries, Van Jackson sued the registrar of Atlanta in July 1944 for refusing to send the names of black Americans to the polls, preventing them from voting.
The case was settled out of court with the registrar agreeing to send the names to the polls.
During his time in Liberia in the 1940s, Van Jackson was awarded the Grade of Officer in the Order of the Star of Africa "in consideration of meritorious and distinguished services rendered to the Republic of Liberia."
Van Jackson was one of the ten winners of the American Library Association's 1976 Special Centennial Citation; his citation read, in part:
In 1972 he was honored as a life member of the Virginia Library Association.
Zenkyoto
The All Campus Joint Struggle Committee (Japanese: 全学共闘会議; "Zengakukyôtokaigi"), commonly known as the Zenkyoto, was a basic Japanese student organization consisting of anti-Japanese Communist Party and non-sectarian radicals.
Unlike other student movement organizations, graduate students and young teachers were allowed to participate.
Active in the late 1960s, Zenkyoto was the driving force behind clashes between Japanese students and the police.
Zenkyoto was not as political as it was a reaction to "American imperialism", Japanese "Monopoly Capitalism", and "Russian Stalinism".
Much of the movement centered around nihilism and existentialism, which served as inspirations for revolution.
Since individual Zenkyoto groups were formed independently at each university, their timing, purpose, organization and policies were unique.
Among Zenkyoto groups at universities, Nihon University and University of Tokyo are the most well-known.
The media reported that University of Tokyo Zenkyoto members tried to "dismantle colleges".
In their protests, University of Tokyo Zenkyoto members threw stones and Gebaruto Bou staves at police.
Some say that the University of Tokyo faction was more of a mass movement than an organized movement in which concrete ideas and policies were set forth.
Zenkyoto policies could be more diverse depending on different universities and individuals.
Zenkyoto collaborated with the Democratic Youth League of Japan.
They led a delegation of seven undergraduates to pressure University authorities to accept their demands during the period of conflict at University of Tokyo.
With the moving of the Ministry of Education after entrance examinations were cancelled, riot police were introduced to suppress a mass Zenkyoto protest.
Athletic groups and people of different ethnicities participated in combat at Nihon University.
In 1948, the Zengakuren was founded with the ideas of a mass student union and a federal, self-managed organization.
Initially very militant and engaged in student struggles, Zengakuren slowly became more moderate after time in their writings and actions.
Zengakuren began to turn more and more to organizing picnics, fairs and more moderate activities.
Zengakuren gradually became to become controlled by Japanese Communist Party executives.
Through the 1960s, there were many student protests across Japanese universities.
In September 1965, Ochanomizu University students organized a mass class abandonment in opposition to dormitory reform.
At Takasaki City University of Economics in the same month, students protested against rising tuition fees.
Other protests happened at Tokyo University of Marine Science and Technology (November 1965), Waseda University (December 1965 - January 1966), Meiji University (November 1966), Chuo University (December 1966), and Keio University (1968).
It was with these student movements that Zenkyoto appeared in the 1960s, with each university developing movements independent of each other.
In disputes, particularly concerning tuition fees, university management corruption, and their use of violent guards (sometimes recruited from criminal organizations or far-right circles), students would gather in action committees (Kyôto Kaigi).
In May 1968, a demonstration was held in Nihon University, dubbed the "200 Meter Demonstration" as a reaction to the secrecy of university authorities on the expenditure of 3400 million yen.
On May 27th, the Zenkyoto was formed by Akehiro Akita, who chaired the organization.
The Zenkyoto consisted of anti-Communist and non-sectarian radicals.
In response to student demands, University authorities held a conference at the Ryogoku Auditorium on September 30th to negotiate between students and authorities.
The rally was attended by as many as 35,000 students.
After 12 hours of negotiations, the authorities accepted the demands of the students, leading to the resignation of all University directors involved.
However, following the negotiations, Japanese Prime Minister Eisaku Sato declared that "establishing relations with popular gangs deviate from common sense", and the authorities withdrew their promises to the students.
Students with associations to sports began to riot in Ryogoku Auditorium, and riot police was brought in.
After the situation calmed down, Nihon University resumed classes in a temporary school complex in Shiraitodai, Fuchū, with 10 buildings surrounded by vacant fields and barbed wire.
Staff were stationed at the entrance of the premises, and students were required to show student IDs.
This complex was popularly called "Nihon Auschwitz", in reference to Auschwitz concentration camp.
In January 1968, a dispute over the status of graduate students in the University of Tokyo Faculty of Medicine over the new Medical Doctors' Law which restricted employment opportunities and a judgement on a militant student made by the board led to mass protests in University of Tokyo.
A Zenkyoto sprung up at the conflict in University of Tokyo, and Zenkyoto students occupied and fought in Yasuda Auditorium, which they had occupied in July, against riot police.
In January 1969, 8500 riot police were called to Yasuda Auditorium to break up the protest.
With different action committees nationwide participating in solidarity with the Nihon Zenkyoto, the committees were federated into a nationwide "Zenkyoto", escaping the supervision of the Zengakuren, who often sided with university authorities.
Committees were organized by levels (students, staff, researchers, etc.)
and by departments (humanities, medicine, literature, etc.).
Each committee had a degree of autonomy.
Committee members participated in committee debates, and decisions are voted on by a show of hands.
Attempts by universities to arrest leaders of Zenkyoto were fruitless.
The National Federation of Zenkyoto was set up at Hibiya Park in September 1969.
However, Yoshitaka Yamamoto, leader of the University of Tokyo Zenkyoto, who chaired the rally at Hibiya Park, was arrested.
From 1968 to 1969, Zenkyoto expanded alongside conflicts in the University of Tokyo, "spreading like a wildfire" to universities nationwide.
Zenkyoto initially only dealed with issues specific to each university (tuition fees, etc.)
beyond the jurisdiction of university student councils.
Later, after experiencing hard responses from university authorities as well as government intervention with riot police, Zenkyoto changed to deal with the change of the "philosophy of universities as a whole, as well as change of academic subjects and reviewing the way universities, students and researchers work."
Zenkyoto believed that modern universities were "factories of education" embedded in imperialist forms of management, with faculty councils as "terminal institutions of power" responsible for their management.
They claimed that "university autonomy" was no more than an illusion, and that dismantling such an administration would be an issue.
They believed that universities should be dismantled by violence, such as university-wide blockades.
According to Zenkyoto, the ideological question of "self-denial" should be advanced to deny statuses as students or researchers.
Students began to use wooden staves against both the riot police and each other, with students taking their nihilism and anger not only onto university power structures, but themselves.
The slogans of "disassembly of the university" and "self-denial" emerged in the student movement of University of Tokyo.
The conflict at University of Tokyo transcended the boundaries of university issues and became a form of "conflict between students and state power".
This was no longer a struggle that could be ended by a compromise at each university.
Tomofusa Kure, a student involved in the conflict, said that "Self-negation "is" self-affirmation.
To discover it is self-negation.
Self-negation is not intended to be the aim - Rather, it emerges as a result of self-affirmation."
This "self-negation" was a form of "negation of the university which produces men to serve capital as if in a factory, and also negation of the existence of students whose only future was to be cogs in the power machine thus created."
Zenkyoto began to lose its momentum and the support of the students as university struggles were stuck in stalemates, with seemingly impossible demands, all the while universities were really in danger of being dissolved.
Oda Makoto of the "Bebeiren" (Citizen's Alliance for Peace in Vietnam) group claimed that he would start his own movement if Zenkyoto could not destroy University of Tokyo.
In August 1969, the Act on Temporary Measures concerning University Management was passed, coming into effect in late 1970, which allowed universities to call on riot police independently.
JNU attack
On 5 January 2020, more than 50 masked people armed with rods, sticks and acid attacked the campus of Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi, and injured more than 39 students and teachers.
Many students received serious injuries.
Professors who tried to intervene and protect the students, as well as ambulances carrying injured individuals, were attacked.
Eyewitnesses stated that policemen within the campus did not intervene to stop the mob.
After attacking residents of the university campus for three hours, the mob escaped; none of its members were arrested or detained.
All 36 students who were injured and admitted to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi (AIIMS) were discharged within 24 hours.
Eyewitnesses, including students injured in the attack, as well as opposition parties and left-wing organizations, accused the members of the BJP's student wing, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) of orchestrating the attacks.
The ABVP, a Hindu nationalist organization, initially denied any involvement and accused left-wing organisations of carrying out the attack.
On 6 January, ABVP's joint secretary for Delhi, Anima Sonkar, admitted on television that two armed men seen in videos of the incident were members of ABVP.
Police have said that three of the masked attackers have been identified but no arrests have been made, and complaints have been filed as a single FIR (First Information Report) on unknown people.
On 15 January, police confirmed the identification of the masked woman, seen in the video recording of the attack, as a member of ABVP.
Police have issued a notice to the woman and two other men.
According to police all three have switched their phones off and are yet to be located.
As of 31 January, 26 days after the attack, the Delhi Police have not arrested any suspects in the attack.
The Jawaharlal Nehru University has been associated with student activism for many years.
Since December 2019, the Jawaharlal Nehru University Students' Union (JNUSU) had been participating in Citizenship Amendment Act protests.
On 13 November, the JNU administration raised the university's hostel fees, making it the most expensive Central University of India.
in India.
Since 28 October 2019, students of the JNU had been protesting against the fee hike.
As part of this protest, students boycotted the final semester examinations.
After protests, the university partially rolled back the fees increase by reducing the fee only for students from families with extreme poverty (BPL category) who do not have a scholarship.
The move did not convince the students, as there was no rollback in the fee hike for non-BPL category students or for BPL students with a scholarship.
To press the administration for a complete rollback of the increase in fees, JNUSU had continued the protests.
The semester registration with the increased fee was started by January 1.
JNU administration filed two FIRs (First Information Report) on 5 January at 8:39 and 8:43 p.m. against JNUSU chief Aishe Ghosh and 19 others.
The First FIR was for allegedly attacking JNU security guards and vandalising a server room on 4 January 2020 at 1:00 p.m., a day before the attack on campus.
A second FIR was registered based on events that had happened on 1 January.
On 10 January, police disclosed the names of those suspects who were involved in the incidents on 4 January.
Police announced seven of them were members of left-wing organisations.
The names included JNUSU President Aishe Ghosh and two people belonging to ABVP.
According to a professor, around 50 teachers and 200 students were holding a meeting on the campus to discuss their opposition to the increase in hostel fees when the attack started.
The attack has been associated by some as a way to prevent students from raising their voice against the fee hike and CAA.
On 5 January, at around 7:00 p.m., a masked mob consisting of dozens of people and at least one woman armed with iron rods, sledgehammers, sticks, and bricks attacked the campus of Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi, and injured the students and teachers, as well as vandalising its hostels.
The assault lasted for three hours, as the mob moved from one hostel to another, attacking the people.
They chanted slogans calling the victims "Naxalites" and "anti-national".
Attackers shouted ""Jai Shri Ram"" (Hail Lord Ram!
), a slogan that has been often used as a battle cry by far-right Hindu groups.
The witnesses stated that the attackers broke windows and attacked the medics.
In a video of the incident, attackers were seen charging down the hostel hallway raising sticks, bats and broken bottles to attack while the students shouted "get out".
The leaders of student bodies with liberal views and those who spoke against Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Hindu nationalist policies were attacked.
Some students locked themselves inside rooms to escape the attackers.
Sabarmati Hostel, with 400 students residing in it, was reported to have faced the worst attack.
Two students residing in the hostel jumped from their rooms on the first floor in an attempt to escape the attackers, fracturing their legs in the process.
The hostel was badly damaged in the attack.
Every floor in the hostel had shattered glass, as well as broken doors, windows, and furniture.
The assault left more than 39 students and teachers injured.
When an ambulance arrived at 9:00 p.m., carrying two doctors and two volunteers to attend to the victims, the mob surrounded the ambulance with rods and sticks, and prevented the doctors from assisting the injured.
The attackers also injured a volunteer and broke the windows and punctured the tires of the ambulance.
The attackers said, "There was no need to provide medical assistance to any one on the campus."
Streetlights were shut off by the authorities during the incident.
The mob roamed around the campus freely without any police intervention.
Students accused the police of intentional inaction.
Videos of the incident show that students were beaten by the attackers, while police officers were seen doing nothing.
While the students escaped through the gate, the police officers asked them to shout "Hail Mother India."
The students not only accused the police of intentional inaction but being complicit with the attackers.
The mob assaulted journalists and social activist Yogendra Yadav, who attempted to enter the campus on receiving news of the incident.
JNUSU president Aishe Ghosh was also pictured bleeding due to the injuries sustained in the violence.
Cars were completely vandalized as well as some hostel rooms in the Mahi Mandavi, Sabarmati and Periyar hostels.
The School of Social Sciences was also affected.
The crowd of attackers were seen in videos walking around the campus with sticks.
After vandalizing the campus for around three hours, the mob went out without facing arrest or detention by the police.
Police said they received 50 SOS calls between 4:00 and 5:00 p.m., however, they were only given written permission to enter the campus at 7:45 p.m.
The 36 students who were injured and admitted to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi (AIIMS) were discharged within 24 hours.
32 people had suffered injuries such as fractures, lacerations, abrasions and soft tissue injuries, while four had suffered minor head injuries.
Three of the people injured were admitted to the Safdarjung Hospital.
The warden of the Sabarmati hostel resigned, stating that he tried but failed to provide security to the hostel.
Several students left the campus calling it unsafe.
Left-wing organisations and several students accused the members of the BJP's student wing, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) of orchestrating the attacks.
ABVP, a Hindu nationalist student organization denied involvement and accused the left-wing organisations.
Screenshots of chats from WhatsApp groups named "Friends of RSS" and "Unity Against Left" were shared on social media, where the group members were seen planning to attack the JNU students.
The group's members were found to belong to ABVP.
NDTV published pictures of the members of ABVP with sticks and batons before the attacks began.
Chief Minister of Delhi Arvind Kejriwal held a meeting with ministers in the early hours of 6 January, to discuss the "serious condition" prevailing at JNU.
After the meeting, Sanjay Singh stated that, "The assault on students and professors is really shameful.
This is happening in the capital of India.
The world is watching us.
What message are we sending to the world?"
He added that the Central government (to whom Delhi Police reports) must "act immediately and restore peace in Delhi".
On 6 December, Swati Maliwal, the chief of Delhi Commission for Women, issued summonses to the police over the assault on female students in the attack.
The Congress party appointed its own committee to investigate the violence at JNU and report in a week.
The JNUSU statements after the incident said, "The Vice Chancellor... is behaving like a mobster who perpetuates violence [...] For nearly seventy days now, the students of JNU have been fighting a courageous battle to save their university from the clutches of privatization and greed [...] Today on 5 January they imported goons from outside, especially DU."
The Jawaharlal Nehru University Teachers' Association (JNUTA) wrote a third letter to the President of India Ram Nath Kovind regarding the "urgent need for the removal of professor M Jagadesh Kumar from his position as the vice chancellor".
The letter stated that, "Yesterday's unprecedented events at the University have served to highlight once again the extremely grave consequences of delay in heeding to our appeal."
On 9 January, former HRD Minister and BJP senior leader, Murli Manohar Joshi, sought the removal of the Vice-Chancellor (VC).
Joshi found the attitude of the VC "deplorable", as he was adamant and failed to implement the ministry’s proposal to settle the fee increase issue.
He was advised to resolve the issue through a mediation process involving the teachers and the students.
On 6 January, during a panel discussion on the "Times Now", ABVP Delhi joint secretary Anima Sonkar accepted that ABVP members were armed.
Sonkar said that the armed men seen with rods on the JNU campus on viral videos displayed during the discussion are ABVP activists, including a former student named Vikas Patel and a first-year student named Shiv Poojan Mondal.
She said that they were asked through WhatsApp to move in groups and carry rods, pepper spray or acid for self defense.
She also claimed that the whole Brahmaputra Hostel was asked to be armed.
On 10 January, the "India Today" aired a sting operation on the JNU attack.
Two first-year students, named Akshat Awasthi and Rohit Shah, seemed to have confessed to leading the attack on the Periyar hostel.
Awasthi confessed to carrying a rod in his hand, wearing a helmet, and channeling and mobilising the attack with the help of students who were members of ABVP, as well as members from outside the campus.
He also confessed to calling an organisational secretary of ABVP to organise the outside support.
The aired videos also raised questions over the involvement of the administration and the police in the attack.
The reporter asked Awasthi, "Who had shut down the light?
", and on reply he said, "Admin...I think police".
The reporter further asked him, "So the police helped the ABVP?"
In reply he said, "Whose police is it, sir?".
He claimed that police were also present inside the campus and a DCP (Deputy Superintendent) of Delhi police asked them to "hit [students]".
He also claimed to have been committing acts of violence inside the campus for the last six months.
A video of a masked woman student who could be seen vandalising hostels went viral on social media after the 5 January attack.
The video named the women as Komal Sharma of Daulat Ram College, University of Delhi.
On 10 January, fact checking website "AltNews.in" published an article fact-checking the reality and identity of the photographed woman.
It was found that the woman in the photograph and the video was indeed Komal Sharma.
The website revealed through their investigation that Sharma herself had confessed her involvement in the attack through a WhatsApp conversation with one of her seniors.
The identity of the student was also confirmed by Aksath Awasthi on the sting operation by "India Today".
"Newslaundry" also previously identified the woman in the photograph and the video as Komal Sharma.
Later on 15 January 2020, the SIT of Delhi Police confirmed the masked woman as Sharma, a member of ABVP.
Hindu Raksha Dal, or the Hindu Defense League, a right-wing group, claimed responsibility for the attack on Jawaharlal Nehru University students.
The group leader claimed that the people who conducted the attack on the students and teachers were volunteers of Hindu Raksha Dal and threatened more such attacks on people who are involved in so-called "anti-national activities" in India.
To date no action has been taken by police against the group.
On 10 January 2020, three JNU professors filed a petition in the High Court seeking a direction to Delhi Police and the government to preserve data, CCTV footage, and all evidence associated with the attack.
The request included retrieval of evidence and data from WhatsApp INC., Google INC. and Apple INC.
The data, such as messages, pictures, videos, and phone numbers of the members of the WhatsApp groups 'Unity Against Left' and 'Friends of RSS' were sought to be preserved.
The petition said that the Delhi police have not responded to the requests for preservation of data.
The petitioners noted their apprehension that without a direction from the court, it may not be preserved.
Petitioners claimed that as far as they knew from news reports, the police have not yet retrieved CCTV footage, which is crucial evidence.
The petition is scheduled for a hearing on 13 January.
On 13 January, The Delhi High Court directed Delhi police to summon and seize the phones of all members of the two WhatsApp groups—'Friends of RSS' and 'Unity Against Left'—who allegedly planned and executed attacks on the campus.
The court directed JNU administration to provide all the CCTV footage and also directed Google, Whatsapp and Apple to provide any information requested by the Police.
On 12 January, the Congress fact-finding committee released its report on their investigation into the attack against students and teachers of JNU calling the incident "state-sponsored".
The report accused Vice-Chancellor M. Jagadesh Kumar of planning the attacks.
It asked for his sacking and the initiation of a criminal inquiry against him.
The report noted that despite SOS calls from the students, Kumar did not allow police to enter the campus till 7:45 p.m.
The report also demanded the investigation of other faculty members (who planned the attacks) and the security company hired to ensure safety on the campus.
A committee member called the attack a planned criminal conspiracy and stated that there was sufficient evidence that proved that the attackers were affiliated with right-wing groups.
The actions of the administration and police during the attack were questioned.
She said that the power supply was disconnected, and the police facilitated the attackers.
After the attack, the police did not attempt to press attempted murder charges against the attackers even though the victims had received head injuries.
The negligence and involvement of the Home Ministry were also suspected in the report.
It stated that the Home Minister's remarks against the CAA-NRC protests and his calls for punishing them had encouraged the attackers.
According to the police report, the students had disconnected the internet servers on 3 January and again on 4 January.
While the Vice-Chancellor had mentioned in his press statement that the servers were working on 4 January and some students had registered for the new semester that day.
The report questioned why the servers could not be made to work on 5 January, the day the attacks had happened, if the servers could be made functional earlier.
The report asked if the administration already knew that an attack was going to happen and alleged that the servers were not made functional so that the CCTV cameras failed to record the attacks.
The committee demanded the withdrawal of the fee hike and initiation of an independent judicial inquiry into the attacks.
Police have said that some of the masked attackers have been identified and complaints have been merged and filed as a single FIR.
On 11 January, the police claimed they had identified 37 out of a total of 60 members of the WhatsApp group that included 10 outsiders, named 'Unity against Left'.
The group members had assisted the armed goons in entering the campus.
No arrests have been made in the case as of 31 January.
Since the attack, there have been several questions raised over police involvement and police inaction during the attack.
Shutting off the street lights, allowing armed mobs to move freely, and allowing attacks on journalists in front of the police are among many such instances which raised questions in the media and on political platforms.
Along with the inaction of the police, questions were also raised over the investigation.
One such instance is that the details in the FIR do not match the police press briefing of 10 January.
The police even described a organisation, Students' Federation of India as "Students "Front" of India".
In that press briefing, the DCP of police shared photographs of the identified students.
On 11 January, the fact-checking website "AltNews.in" released an article regarding those photographs.
It has investigated the authenticity of the photographs, finding that the design, captions, markings and prints of the photographs exactly matched the photographs tweeted by Ashish Chauhan, a national organising secretary of ABVP.
The article also questioned whether police were conducting a fair and unbiased investigation.
Response of two RTIs unearthed several infomation on the incidents, specifically server room vandalism and raised further questions on VC Kumar's claims and the FIRs by JNU administration.
One FIR claimed that a group of students entered the Centre for Information System (CIS) office by breaking open a glass back door at around 1:00 p.m. on January 4.
The FIR mentioned, “They illegally trespassed the University property with the criminal intention to damage to the public property once inside they damaged the servers and made it dysfunctional and severely damaged the fiber optic cables power supplies and broke the biometric systems inside the room.” and asked for action against those students, including JNUSU president Aishe Ghosh.
Another FIR, alleged that the vandalism by students on 3 January severely affected a number of administrative functions, including “biometric attendance and CCTV surveillance system”.
In a statement, JNU vice-chancellor M. Jagadesh Kumar has claimed that the violence on 5 January had its origins in the vandalism which occurred on 3 and 4 January.
He also alleged that the broken biometric systems affected winter semester registration.
One of the RTI asked for information on the “total number of broken/destroyed biometric systems at CIS office from 30 December 2019 to 8 January 2020”.
It has also asked for details of all vandalised CCTV cameras from 30 December till 8 January.
In response to both of the question, the CIS responded "none", which means that the said biometric system was not destroyed and CCTVs were not vandalised.
The RTI asked whether the CIS Office (that was vandalised) contains the servers of the CCTV cameras.
The response said that the server are “not located in CIS office but located in data centre”.
With regard to the fibre-optic cables used in the CIS servers, the response said, 17 such cables were damaged around 13:00 on 4 January.
The RTI responses again raised questions on Police and their CCTV footage claims.
Initially, Police responded to media that CCTV footage were not available for which it was difficult for them to identify the perpetrator, and instead they were using screenshots from viral social media posts.
But one of the RTI response says the CCTV footage are "withheld with law & enforcement agencies for undergoing investigation into recent incidents at JNU", which shows Police have CCTV footage with them.
Though a response to another RTI says that "no continuous and entire CCTV footage" of the north gate cameras between 3:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. on 5 January was available with JNU.
It adds that "no CCTV camera footages are uploaded continuously to the JNU Cloud Computing Platform".
However, the response says, the JNU website continued to function during this period as it is important and "running from alternate backup arrangement during this period" (during the incidents).
The RTI response does not give any clarity on whether there was any alternative backup arrangements for CCTV cameras.
One of the FIRs detailing vandalism has a "date of occurrence" listed as 1 January.
However, in its response, CIS said there were only two incidents when JNU’s main server was shut down during that week, at 1.30 p.m. on 3 January and the same time on 4 January "due to power supply disruption".
On 15 January, Delhi police confirmed the identification of the masked woman as a member of ABVP and a student of Daulat Ram College in Delhi University.
She had been seen wearing a check shirt, a light blue scarf and carrying a stick, in the video recording of the attack and several media outlets had identified her.
The state secretary of the ABVP Delhi acknowledged that the woman was a member of ABVP.
Police have issued a notice under IPC Section 160 to the woman and two other men involved, Akshat Awasthi and Rohit Shah.
According to police all three have switched their phones off and are yet to be located.
The Central Government that controls the law and order of Delhi faced "massive criticism" from the opposition party leaders, film actors, students, activists and business leaders.
The Minister of External Affairs, Subrahmanyam Jaishankar, and Nobel Prize winner Abhijit Banerjee, both alumni of JNU, condemned the attacks.
Gautam Gambhir, a BJP MP from New Delhi stated that "Strictest punishment has to be meted out to these goons."
Various people condemned the violence including Anand Mahindra and Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, Congress Party member Priyanka Gandhi blamed the right; Kapil Sibal asked for a probe.
The Congress Party described the attack on JNU as "state-sponsored terrorism", resembling that during Nazi rule.
All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) president Asaduddin Owaisi expressed his opinion on the JNU attack, saying that it was meant to "punish the students as they dared to stand up".
The journal "Nature" in an editorial published on January 14, 2020 stated that the "government and state authorities must step in and stop violent attacks on academic campuses...Some of the peaceful protests are being met with violence, and university campuses are not immune ... Delhi police failed to provide protection" to the students who were being attacked.
India's authorities must take the necessary steps to protect their nation's universities and their people's freedom of speech."
University of Hyderabad, Aligarh Muslim University, the University of Jadavpur, Assam University and Gauhati University students staged protests on the night of the attack in solidarity with the JNU students.
Protests were also seen in the capitals of Uttarakhand, Chhattisgarh and Bihar.
On 7 January, IIT Bombay, the Film and Television Institute of India,the National Law School and foreign universities including Oxford University and Columbia University also held protests in solidarity.
On 8 January, a huge march was held on the North Campus of the University of Delhi, where the students from the university and colleges affiliated with the university gathered to march in support of JNU students and teachers who were beaten during the incident.
They demanded bringing the masked perpetrators to justice, the removal of M. Jagadesh Kumar from the post of vice-chancellor of JNU, and also demanded the scrapping of the CAA-NRC-NPR (Citizenship Amendment Act, National Register of Citizens and National Population Register).
In a rare instance on 8 January, for the first time in the last 30 years, students of St. Stephen's College held protests on their college campus to show their solidarity with the students and teachers of JNU and Jamia Millia Islamia (Jamia), to criticise the Government's failure to provide protection to the students of this country and the police inaction during the incidents, and also to protest against the CAA and NRC.
They boycotted classes, gathered on the campus lawn, and read the Preamble to the Constitution of India.
The protesters recited various poems, songs and slogans and delivered speeches where they describeded the Modi government as "fascist and oppressive".
Poems like "Hum Dekhenge" (We will Witness) by Faiz Ahmad Faiz, "Kagaz Nahi Dekheyenge" (We'll Not Show Our Documents) by Varun Grover were read, and phrases like ""Kal bhi tum haare the, aaj bhi tum haaroge, kal bhi hum jitenge"" (You'd lost yesterday, you'll lose today also.
We'll win again tomorrow), ""Is baar nahin hum chhodenge, itihas ki dhara modenge"" (We'll not let go this time, we'll change the direction of history), ""Zulmi jab jab zulm karega satta ke hathiyaron se, chappa chappa goonj uthega inquilab ke naaro se"" (The tyrant will be countered with the chants of revolution) and the famous chants of ""Azadi"" (Freedom) were recited throughout the protest.
On 9 January, around 1,000 JNU students and teachers held a protest march to the HRD Ministry office in Delhi demanding the resignation of the vice-chancellor.
The chancellor, M. Jagadesh Kumar, was accused of allowing the attackers to vandalise the university dormitory and attack the students.
After reaching the office a group of students decided to continue their march up to the Rashtrapati Bhavan, the official residence of the President of India.
The protesters were stopped by police who chased them and struck them with batons.
Several students were detained and later released.
A crowd of more than 1000 students gathered overnight at the Gateway of India.
Several celebrities including Sushant Singh, Anurag Kashyap, Dia Mirza, Taapsee Pannu, Vishal Bhardwaj, Zoya Akhtar, Swara Bhaskar, Rahul Bose, Sushant Singh Rajput, and Konkona Sen Sharma also joined the protests in Mumbai.
They expressed to the media, "We want to tell them [students of JNU, Jamia, AMU], we are with them and we will stand for them everytime."
Actress Deepika Padukone visited the JNU campus and stood with the students in solidarity with the victims.
Though she did not give a speech, she met with the JNUSU president Aishe Ghosh, who was attacked by the masked mob.
Padukone was subjected to massive criticism by members of the ruling BJP party who also asked people to boycott her upcoming movie "Chhapaak".
She was praised for standing up against a crackdown on dissent, as Bollywood actors usually avoid making statements, fearing backlash and negative consequences for their films.
Actor Varun Dhawan talked about similar calls for a boycott of his film "Dilwale", and said that the boycott may hurt the business, so it is used as a scare tactic meant to prevent people from expressing their opinion in public.
He supported Deepika and stated it was wrong to remain neutral and not condemn the sttack.
Ted Shepherd Cottage
The Ted Shepherd Cottage, on N. 1st, West, in Paris, Idaho, was built in 1885.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It is a one-and-a-half story frame building, whose narrow front end faces east to the street.
Its Idaho State Historical Society inventory report describes it:The structure of the roof is curious; from the side it appears at first glance to be a mansard, like its neighbors north and south; but the sides of the roof are brought forward on the front to form a jerkin-headed gambrel.
The bargeboards lining this unique profile, and the trim under the eave of the shed-roofed porchwhich crosses the east elevation, are boldly perforated with geometric shapes: discs, I's, quatrefoils.
A pair of sash windows, probably remodeled, is centered in the gable.
The south side elevation contains two doors and two windows in an AB-AB arrangement suggestion the division of the interior space; gabled wall dormers, with bargeboards perforated and flared like those on the facade, break the eave above.
There are two interior chimneys.
The house has been sided with wide wooden shingle.
It was deemed "architecturally significant as the sole example of the gambrel roofline, though an unusual one, in Paris' residential building (there is a gambrel barn) and for its handsome runs of undereave decoration."
Mount Cook (Magnetic Island)
Mount Cook is a mountain located on Magnetic Island within the Magnetic Island National Park, off the north east coast of Queensland, Australia.
Mount Cook rises out of the Coral Sea and is the highest point on the Magnetic Island.
Héctor Angulo
Héctor Angulo (Santa Clara, Cuba, 1932 - 2018) was a Cuban composer who combined in his works the result of deep studies about Afro-Cuban folklore and the most modern techniques of musical composition.
Héctor Angulo began his musical studies in Santa Clara and concluded in Havana, where he was instructed by professors Zenaida Romeu, Serafín Pró and Julián Orbón.
Angulo studied Architecture during four years at the University of Havana.
In 1959 he attended a summer course in Tanglewood, United States, and at a later time, during that same year, he received a grant to study at the Manhattan School of Music in New York, where he stayed for the next three years.
Angulo returned to Cuba in 1964, where he continued his music composition studies with Leo Brouwer.
While studying in the United States, Hector Angulo informed the famous American folk-singer Pete Seeger about a famous Cuban song called Guajira Guantanamera; referring to a version composed by his previous profesor Julián Orbón, which utilized the poem of José Martí as its lyrics.
That way, Angulo played an important role in the worldwide difussion of that popular song.
About this subject the Cuban double-bassist and musicographer Antonio Gómez Sotolongo says:
"In 1961, the improvised verses ("décimas") on the "Guajira Guantanamera" were not still in fashion; but the young Cuban musician Héctor Angulo (Santa Clara, September 3rd, 1932), who was studying in the United States and was a music profesor, used to sing the poems of José Martí as he had heard from his profesor Julián Orbón.
According to the American folklorist Pete Seeger, he knew about that song from the students that were also Angulo's disciples, and was from Héctor himself that he learned to sing it."
Héctor Angulo began to compose during the mid-forties decade of the 20th Century, and his first pieces were premiered during the fifties decade.
Upon his return to Cuba after studying in the United States, Angulo became immersed in the activity of the musical avant-garde of the sixties, and his Works "Trío" for flute, violin and piano from
1965, and his "Sonata for eleven instruments" from 1967 represented a contribution to the Cuban modern music at that time, due to the utilization of "series" and "aleatoric" techniques.
In his work it is possible to notice a constant search for a "Cuban style" and an important influence of the works of Roldán and Caturla; about which he himself commented: " I am a follower of the aesthetics of Alejandro García Caturla considering the fact that his work is based on the presence of Cuban elements in the aspects of timbre, rhythm, melody and form […]"
We can find a sign of his prominent interest for the Cuban folklore, and especially the Afr-Cuban folklore in his "Tríptico de Cantos Afrocubanos", based on the transcription of 250 melodies by the folklorist Rogelio Martínez Furé; as well as in other compositions, such as his "CInco poemas africanos, and his "Cantos Yorubá de Cuba", for solo guitar.
In this same fashion we can mention the chamber opera Ibeyi Añá, based on the story called "Se cierran y se abren los caminos de Cuba", gathered by Lydia Cabrera in her "Cuban black stories".
Héctor Angulo also worked as adviser at the Cuban "National Puppet Theater".
Orchestra
Choir
Piano
Guitar
Accompanied voice
Theatre
Kasbah Tamdert
Kasbah Tamdert is a fortress and kasbah in Fes, Morocco.
It is located near Bab Ftouh in southern Fes el-Bali.
It was built in the late 16th century by the Saadians, who had their capital at Marrakech and built forts around Fes in order to keep it under control.
Kasah Tamdert was the first of the Saadian fortifications built in the city, consisting of a simple walled enclosure (a kasbah), while a few years later the Saadians started building the heavier fortresses of Borj Nord, Borj Sud, and the bastions on the eastern side of Fes el-Jdid.
Osaka City University Hospital
The hospital's predecessor was founded in 1925, as the municipal hospital for the city of Osaka, located in Abeno-ku, Osaka due to donation from Kichiemon Kichimoto.
Its name was changed as the south municipal hospital for the city of Osaka:.
In 1944, Osaka Municipal Medical school was founded and the hospital was affiliated with the school.
In 1948, Osaka Medical College was founded and the hospital was affiliated with the college.
In 1955, the college was united to Osaka City University, and it affiliated with the university.
In 1993, a new hospital building was completed.
Osaka City University Hospital has 32 medical department; General Medical Center, Internal Medicine and Cardiology, Respiratory Medicine, Clinical Immunology and Rheumatology, Center for Lifestyle Diseases and Diabetes, Nephrology, Endocrinology, Bone and Arthritis Medicine, Gastroenterology, Hepato-Biliary-Pancreatic Medicine, Pediatrics, Neuropsychiatry, Dermatology, Nuclear Medicine, Radiology, Gastroenterological Surgery, Breast and Endocrine Surgery, Cardiovascular Surgery, Hepato-Biliary-Pancreatic Surgery, Respiratory Surgery, Pediatric Surgery, Neurosurgery, Urology, Obstetrics and Gynecology, Otolaryngology, Anesthesiology and Pain Clinic, Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Hematology, Geriatric Medicine, Neurology
According to a travel site, access to Osaka City University Hospital is below
Dalel Singh (king)
Dalel Singh was the king of Karnpura during 17th century.
He shifted his capital from Sisai in Tandwa which is now in Chatra district to Badam which is now in hazaribagh district in 1685.
He made huge palace for protection from Mughal.
According to his book "Shiv Sagar", he shifted his capital from Sisai to Badam for protection from Mughal Invasion.
He was also a poet and had written poems in Nagpuri language.
King of Palamu Jaikishan Rai and Dalel Singh captured the Tori which was in possession of Nagvanshi king after a battle.
Jaikishan Rai attacked Ramgarh as Dalel Singh gave selter to Ranjit Rai.
Dalel Singh died in battle.
Then descedant of Dalel Singh invaded and captured Palamu.
JERA
JERA is 50-50 joint venture between TEPCO Fuel & Power, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tokyo Electric Power Company, and Chubu Electric Power, founded in April 2019.
The company assumed ownership and operation of all of Tokyo Electric and Chubu Electric thermal power stations, giving it a total output of approximately 67 million kW (including capacity under construction), which made it Japan's largest power generation company.
The electricity generated is wholesaled to retail electric utilities such as TEPCO Energy Partner and Chubu Electric Power, and is not supplied directly to consumers.
The concept of JERA was floated immediately after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster by a group of young managers within Tokyo Electric, who sought to separate the thermal power generation portion of the company from the nuclear sector (together with the legal and fiscal responsibility for the accident) to ensure Tokyo Electric’s survival.
The idea was vehemently opposed by Tokyo Electric’s chairman; however, by 2012 Tokyo Electric was facing imminent bankruptcy over damage compensation claim and the costs of decommissioning the Fukushima nuclear plants, as well as high costs for fossil fuel to make up the power generation shortfall from its 17 idled nuclear reactors.
In addition, many of its thermal power plants were obsolete, and with Tokyo Electric’s plummeting credit rating, it was deemed unlikely and the necessary funding could be secured for revamping or construction.
From March 2014, Tokyo Electric began to solicit partners for a strategic alliance.
Meanwhile, Nagoya-based Chubu Electric was eager to expand into the Kanto region and had been receiving many enquiries from Kanto-based users unhappy with Tokyo Electric’s increasing rates.
However, efforts to enter the Kanto region and to compete against Tokyo Electric were hampered by the Japanese government’s unwritten regulations creating regional electric generation monopolies.
Chubu Electric initially attempted to circumvent these regulations by building a new 650,000 kW coal-fired power generation facility on the premises of TEPCO's Hitachi Naka Thermal Power Station, with power generated by this plant to be sold by Tokyo Electric on its behalf.
This led to further discussions in September 2014 for a comprehensive alliance on thermal power generation, and JERA was launched in April 2015.
Gendai Yakuza: Yotamono Jingi
2020 BYU Cougars men's volleyball team
The 2020 BYU Cougars men's volleyball team represents Brigham Young University in the 2020 NCAA Division I & II men's volleyball season.
The Cougars, led by fifth year head coach Shawn Olmstead, play their home games at Smith Fieldhouse.
The Cougars are members of the MPSF and were picked to win the MPSF in the preseason poll.
TV/Internet Streaming information:
Syverma Plateau
The Syverma Plateau () is a mountain plateau in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Siberia, Russia.
It is a part of the Central Siberian Plateau.
The plateau is located in largely uninhabited area.
The Syverma Plateau is located in central Krasnoyarsk Krai.
To the north it merges with the Putorana Mountains and to the west the border with the Tunguska Plateau is not clearly defined.
To the east the Syverma Plateau limits with the Vilyuy Plateau.
The average height of the plateau is between and .
The Syverma Plateau is deeply cut by river valleys flowing roughly southwards from the Putorana ranges, such as the Vivi River, Tutonchana, Tembenchi, Embenchime, Kochechum and other right hand tributaries of the Lower Tunguska River.
Geologically the Syverma Plateau is made up of Triassic volcanic rocks.
The plateau is covered by larch taiga.
Owing to the permafrost trees grow very slowly.
The climate prevailing in the Syverma Plateau is severe, of the subarctic continental type with long, cold winters.
In the village of Tura, located at the southern end by the Lower Tunguska River, the average monthly temperature in the winter is .
Summers are moderately warm with temperatures reaching in July.
Precipitation is not too heavy, which contributes to the prevalence of permafrost, reaching a depth of over in the plateau area.
Buchs SG railway station
Buchs SG railway station () is a railway station in Buchs, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Chur–Rorschach line and western terminus of the Feldkirch–Buchs line to Austria and Liechtenstein.
It is served by local and long-distance trains.
As the station is located just north of the crossing of the Rhine between Switzerland and Liechtenstein, long-distance trains traveling between Zürich and points east must reverse direction.
The following long-distance services call at Buchs SG:
Buchs SG is served by the St. Gallen S-Bahn and Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB) local trains:
Luis Mena (disambiguation)
Luis Mena may refer to:
Dev Dley
Dev Dley (born 1950-51) is a Canadian lawyer and judge.
From 1996 to 2000, he served as commissioner of the Western Hockey League (WHL).
He was later elected Chair of the Law Foundation of B.C., which he held until 2010, when he was promoted to British Columbia's Supreme Court.
After earning his law degree from the University of Victoria in 1978, Dley began a private law practice which lasted until 1996.
He also served as legal counsel of the Western Hockey League (WHL) for five years before he was promoted to commissioner in 1995.
During his time as commissioner, he dealt with a sexual abuse case regarding Sheldon Kennedy and coach Graham James.
In response to criticisms for lack of action, Dley stated that the league had not conducted an investigation because there had been no formal complaint about the assault.
However, he later promised to hire a counseling agency for players in the league, as a result of the case.
While discussions on extension of his contract with the league were ongoing, he also sat on the National Junior Team Policy Committee which appointed head coaches for 1999 Men's Ice Hockey World Championships.
Dley was an advocate for the league to expand into Winnipeg and planned on hosting discussions with interested parties in January 2000.
Despite rumors to the contrary, Dley's contract was not renewed; he was replaced by Ron Robison in 2000.
After his time as commissioner, Dley was appointed to the Queen's Counsel and sat as director on the B.C.
Traffic Safety Foundation.
In 2008, he was named Chair of the Law Foundation of B.C., a position he held until his promotion to Justice of the British Columbia's Supreme Court in 2010.
Mount Tyson
Mount Tyson is a mountain located near Tully within the Tully Gorge National Park, Far North Queensland, Australia.
Mount Tyson rises .
The Sixth of July
The Sixth of July () is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by .
The film takes place on July 6, 1918 in Russia, when the Left Socialist Revolutionaries tried to seize power.
Barbara Kraus
Barbara Kraus is an Austrian physicist specializing in quantum information, quantum entanglement, and quantum key distribution.
She is a University Professor of Physics at the University of Innsbruck.
Kraus is originally from Innsbruck.
She studied mathematics and physics at the University of Innsbruck, earning diplomas in mathematics and physics and a PhD in physics, completed in 2003.
After postdoctoral research at the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics, University of Geneva, and University of Innsbruck, she became an assistant professor in Innsbruck in 2010, and earned her habilitation there in 2012.
Kraus won a Start-Preis from the Austrian Science Fund in 2010.
She was the 2011 winner of the Ludwig Boltzmann Prize of the Austrian Physical Society, and the 2013 winner of the Lieben Prize of the Austrian Academy of Sciences for her work on many-body entanglement.
She became a member of the Young Academy of the Austrian Academy of Sciences in 2014.
George Allison (coach)
George "Stub" Allison was a coach of American football and basketball and an athletic administrator.
He served as interim head football coach at Boise Junior College—now Boise State University—following Harry Jacoby being called into active duty in the United States Army midway through the 1941 season.
Allison compiled a 2–1 record as the coach of the Broncos.
He also filled in for Jacoby as head coach of the BJC men's basketball team for the 1941-42 season, compiling a 17–14 record.
In addition to these two roles, Allison was the athletic director of BJC in this period (again replacing Jacoby in that role).
Prior to arriving in Boise, Allison was a coach at Baker High School in Oregon.
Peggy Siegal
Peggy Siegal (born July 17, 1947) is an American entertainment publicist who works to advertise new film releases to an audience of media providers and critics.
She owns the Peggy Siegal Company, based in Manhattan, which was described as one of the top 12 media marketing firms in 2018.
Siegal was involved in a controversy which damaged her business when it was made known she had promoted Jeffrey Epstein.
Highly connected with New York City's elite, Siegal organizes and hosts private events, including film screenings, to which she invites prominent guests who may help the film's reception.
Her services are in high demand in the season before award nominations, in particular the Academy Awards.
Her successes in the industry have been attributed, by her and others, to carefully selecting the guests she invites to these events.
According to Siegal, she keeps a list of 30,000 contacts divided by nationality, including filmmakers, artists, writers, and finance professionals.
In July 2019, after the "New York Times" reported her business connections with Jeffrey Epstein, Siegal's clients, such as Netflix and FX, began cancelling their contracts with her.
Siegel had organized an event at Epstein's mansion that included guests such as Prince Andrew, George Stephanopoulos, Katie Couric, and Chelsea Handler.
Adam and Eve (1969 film)
Adam and Eve () is a 1969 Soviet comedy film directed by .
According to Sharia law, a husband who has divorced his wife can return her only after she divorces her new husband.
Undertaker Bekir wants to get his wife back and so he marries her to a hairdresser named Adam.
White Explosion
White Explosion () is a 1969 Soviet action film directed by Stanislav Govorukhin.
The film takes place in 1942, when Soviet climbers saved the inhabitants of the Caucasus foothills by sacrificing themselves.
Sarah Cornett-Ching
Sarah Cornett-Ching (born May 8, 1991) is a Canadian professional stock car racing driver.
She most recently competed full-time in the ARCA Menards Series, driving the No.
2 Chevrolet/Toyota for the RACE 101 team in 2015 and 2016.
Since then, she has been without a ride in any NASCAR series.
Cornett-Ching replaced Thomas Praytor full-time in the No.
2 Chevrolet for RACE 101Motorsports in 2015, after Praytor left the team to form his own team, Max Force Racing.
Her entry was fielded throughout the season in a partnership between Tony Blanchard's team, RACE 101 and Hixson Motorsports.
The entry was a RACE 101 car but they utilized Wayne Hixson's team owners points.
Blanchard had previously partnered with Hixson the prior year on Hixson's other car, the No.
3, with rookie Karl Weber.
Her seventh-place finish in the 2015 ARCA standings put her tied with Steve Arpin (who also finished seventh in 2009) as the second highest-finishing points finish by a Canadian driver in the history of the ARCA Series, behind Jerry Churchill's three top-10 points finishes of seventh, fifth, and third in the late 1980's.
Cornett-Ching also set another record that year earning the highest-ever points standings finish by a female in the series.
Natalie Decker would tie this record in 2018.
In addition to competing full-time in ARCA in 2015, she also made her NASCAR K&N Pro Series East debut at Bristol, driving for Shayne Lockhart and Sam Hunt's DRIVE Technology team.
RACE 101 also helped the team out for that race.
She was born in Penticton, British Columbia and as of 2011, was living in Kelowna.
Some of her hobbies include longboarding, snowboarding, dirt biking, and camping.
Season still in progress<br>
The Band of the 15th Field Regiment, RCA
The 15th Field Regiment (RCA) Band is one of four Reserve Force bands in the Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery, located at Bessborough Armoury in the British Columbian capital of Vancouver.
It is a brass and reed band that is part of the RCA's 15th Field Artillery Regiment.
All 45 members of the band are all reservists while being trained as soldiers and musicians.
The Band plays for a variety of events including military funerals, ceremonies, parades and Mess events.
The band maintains a full marching and concert band as well as other musical ensembles that include jazz combos and rock bands.
The band's commanding officer (CO) is the unit's principal conductor and is responsible for the creative direction of the band.
The band was formed in 1934, 20 years aftee the establishment of the regiment and just after it moved into its current base.
Since 1994, the band has been the only reserve band on mainland British Columbia.
In 2000, the band outgrew its facilities in the Bessborough Armoury and relocated to the Garrison Headquarters building near Jericho Beach on English Bay.
Although still under command and control of the home regiment, the band functions largely independently as a self contained subunit and performs more than one hundred engagements annually.
The following is a list of directors of music since 1933:
The band is a directly reporting unit of the 39 Canadian Brigade Group, and therefore supports all activities on a ceremonial level.
Since 1994, its duties have expanded greatly to support to all reserve units in the province.
It participates in all Vancouver area civillian and military parades, representing the regiment and the RCA by doing so.
It also parades in Kelowna or Kamloops and even as far east as The Kootenays.
The band has become a vital tool in public relations for the Army.
Outside the country, the band has performed in community celebrations in Québec City, California, the Netherlands and Hong Kong.
In 2003 and 2012, the band took part in the Fortissimo Sunset Ceremony on Parliament Hill at the invitation of the Ottawa-based Ceremonial Guard.
The band has participated in the International Military Concert in the United States state of Washington since the 1990s.
It involves the participation of the band, accompanied from Canada by the Naden Band of Maritime Forces Pacific, as well as bands from the United States Armed Forces, which have included in years past: the I Corps Band, the 133rd Army National Guard Band, United States Navy Band Northwest, and United States Air Force Band of the Golden West.
Featured music often played at the concert include the two national anthems ("O Canada" and "The Star Spangled Banner") unit marches (Anchors Aweigh, Royal Artillery Slow March, and Heart of Oak).
Contemporary marches are also performed at the concert.
The principal components of the band are divided into the following sections:
The RCA Band is a 45 piece band that also performs in the following configurations:
Dawn of Solace
Dawn of Solace is a heavy metal side-project from Finland, started in 2005 by Tuomas Saukkonen (Before the Dawn, Wolfheart).
While in the writing process for the third Before the Dawn album, "The Ghost", Saukkonen ended up with over 30 written songs.
The first plan was to make a double album for Before the Dawn, but some of the material was slower, more melodic and darker than the songs chosen for "The Ghost" and Saukkonen wanted to take things further without any limitations that Before the Dawn might create.
The result was Saukkonen's solo project, Dawn of Solace.
The first album, entitled "The Darkness", features a melodic sound akin to that of Before the Dawn, albeit with a much stronger gothic metal and doom metal influence.
On 10 January 2013 through a press statement, Tuomas Saukkonen announced that he was putting Dawn of Solace to rest along with his other active bands (Before the Dawn, Black Sun Aeon and RoutaSielu), ending them in order to create new project called "Wolfheart", which he will entirely focus from now on.
When interviewed by website KaaosZine, Tuomas replied about his decision:
"Yes I have been thinking about this already for a few years from the Before the Dawn side and first time this was brought into the table was when we were releasing the "Decade of Darkness" EP to celebrate the 10th year for Before the Dawn.
At that time I had an idea to end the band because it just felt right to end the band at that point.
The band played their biggest shows in Europe by supporting Amorphis and in Asia by supporting Stratovarius.
The CDs were selling great and we ended up signing a deal with Nuclear Blast Records.
The album that came after the EP titled "Deathstar Rising" did an amazing job in the Finnish charts ending into the top 10.
Still even though we achieved a lot I started to feel like it's becoming more and more of a job for me and felt that I was drifting away from the most important thing in my life which is for the love of making music.
"At that time we also started to have a little bad chemistry within the band and it also started to reflect into the band's live performances as well as into my own motivation towards the band because I became a bit frustrated.
The line-up changes in 2011 gave me more motivation and it once again started to feel like it was right thing to continue after the "Rise of the Phoenix" album but after the successful tours in Finland and Europe and the great response to the CD both among the fans and press really gave me the opportunity to let go of my 'old friend' from the past 14 years.
I felt like a winner and decided to put it aside because I could with a large smile remember all that great things we experienced with this band.
"At some point I recognized I was just keeping the band alive and it didn't feel so right anymore.
I lost the passion to make music my own way and the main reason why I had a lot of side projects like Black Sun Aeon, Routasielu, Dawn of Solace and The Final Harvest at the first place.
Those were the bands where I had the ability to be artistically free and create what I wanted.
Now when Before the Dawn is done it was logical for me to clean the table at once and start building something from scratch again."
In 2019 Saukkoen announced Dawn of Solace would be reforming for a second album entitled "Waves" to be released on January 24, 2020.
The music video for the song "Lead Wings" was published on YouTube on November 24, 2019.
Fred W. Henne
Fred W. Henne (January 14, 1914 – January 22, 1998) was a labour leader, businessman and politician in the Northwest Territories, Canada.
Henne arrived in Yellowknife, NWT from British Columbia as a labour union negotiator in early 1947, and successfully negotiated the first collective bargaining agreement at the Con Mine and Giant Mine in Yellowknife.
Soon thereafter, he decided to go into private business and purchased a controlling interest in the Frame & Perkins garage and automobile dealership in Yellowknife, which he operated from 1949 to 1980.
Henne's political career began with various stints on the early Yellowknife Town Council, winning seats in the November 1947, November 1948, November 1950, November 1951 (appointed chairman of Trustee Council for 1952), and November 1953 elections.
In January 1955, he was named deputy mayor under mayor Gordon A. Allen.
In the November 1955 election, he ran a successful campaign as mayoral candidate against a single opponent.
His term of office ran from January 1, 1956 to December 31, 1957.
He was the first elected mayor of Yellowknife; the two municipal mayors previous were either acclaimed candidates or appointed.
He left Yellowknife to live in Grimshaw, Alberta in 1958 but later returned, running for the office of Yellowknife mayor again and winning by acclamation in the December 1967 election.
Subsequently, Henne again became mayor in the December 1969 election, December 1971 election, losing in the December 1973 election, returning to victory in the December 1975 election, and the December 1977 election, his final term in office.
During his terms of office in the 1960s/1970s, mayor Fred Henne guided Yellowknife as it grew from a mining town to capital of the Northwest Territories.
Fred Henne left Yellowknife in 1980, and died in 1998 in Summerland, BC.
Fred Henne Territorial Park is named in his memory.
1901–02 Brown men's ice hockey season
The 1901–02 Brown men's ice hockey season was the 5th season of play for the program.
Brown had a poor start to the season, losing its first four games, including one to a secondary school, before recovering at the end to win its final two contests.
Brown didn't play a single game at home and its win over Columbia would be its last over a fellow college for 25 years.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
List of assassinations by the United States
This is a list of individuals who have been the targets of assassination (also known as targeted killings) by the United States.
Bruce A. Wishart
Bruce A. Wishart is an Australian writer and actor, best known for his work in TV movies for Robert Bruning.
Boree Shire
Boree Shire was a local government area in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.
Boree Shire was proclaimed on 7 March 1906, one of 134 shires created after the passing of the "Local Government (Shires) Act 1905".
It absorbed the Municipality of Cudal on 24 December 1912.
The shire offices were based in Cudal.
Urban areas in the shire included Cudal, Canowindra, Eugowra and Manildra and the village of Toogong.
The shire was amalgamated with Canobolas Shire, Molong Shire and part of Lyndhurst Shire to form Cabonne Shire on 1 October 1977.
A Nest of Gentry (film)
A Nest of Gentry () is a 1969 Soviet drama film directed by Andrey Konchalovskiy.
The film tells about the nobleman Lavretsky, who returns to his homeland, where he is eagerly awaited.
1902–03 Brown men's ice hockey season
The 1902–03 Brown men's ice hockey season was the 6th season of play for the program.
Brown followed a poor 1902 season with an even worse performance.
The Brunos won a single game, against a local high school, and in their five other contests they could only muster 2 goals, finishing the season dead least in intercollegiate play.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Slaby
Slaby is a surname of Czech, Polish, and Slovak-language origin.
It may refer to:
Supriya Joshi
Supriya Joshi (born 30 July 1988) is an Indian renowned playback singer, Supriya Joshi has earned her doctorate (Ph.D.) in music.
She has over 300 songs and has more than 1000 live shows in India and abroad to her credit and former participant in the national singing competition Sa Re Ga Ma Pa.
She started her professional journey in 2005 and stole a million hearts in no time.
A Sa Re Ga Ma Pa finalist, her graceful yet mesmerizing presence on stage leaves the audience spell bound.
A versatile singer, Supriya renders varied genres with equal ease, be it Bollywood, Sufi, Retro or Ghazals.
She is also on the panel of All India Radio as a Ghazal Singer.
As a playback singer, Supriya has lent her voice to many films and TV serials including Satya 2, Salim, Vivah, Bal Ganesha 2, Devo Ke Dev Mahadev, Balika Vadhu, Navya, Maharana Pratap, Buddha.
Supriya, the multilingual singer, has a wide appeal across the country especially for her songs in Tamil, Telagu, Gujrati, Punjabi, Malyalam, Bengali, Marathi, Rajasthani, Oriya and Hindi.
Christopher Rivas
Christopher Rivas is an American storyteller, and actor.
He is best known for his solo play, "The Real James Bond… Was Dominican!
".
Christopher was born and raised in New York City.
He attended California Institute of the Arts, where he majored in acting in 2011.
He developed storytelling workshops United Nations High Commission for Refugees, LAMP on Skid Row, The Museum of Broken Relationships, UCLA and CalArts.
In 2018, he was part of the faculty of The Ariane de Rothschild Fellowship.
1903–04 Brown men's ice hockey season
The 1903–04 Brown men's ice hockey season was the 7th season of play for the program.
After two seasons of diminishing returns, Brown continued to find ways to get worse.
While their record was approximate to the year before, the Brunos didn't score a single goal against a collegiate opponent.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
1904–05 Brown men's ice hockey season
The 1904–05 Brown men's ice hockey season was the 8th season of play for the program.
The downward spiral for Brown's ice hockey team continued as they again won no games against college teams.
This season brought a new low as the Brunos lost every game they played and established two program worsts; the 15 goals Brown surrendered to Harvard are the most goals against in the history of the program and the 14-goal deficit is the worst goal differential the program has ever seen (as of 2019).
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
His Alienated Wife
"His Alienated Wife (orig.
title in Hebrew: "אשתו המנודה"), is a 1997 novel by Israeli author Eda Zoritte.
The book is a fictitious novel about Theodor Herzl's wife, Julie Naschauer-Herzl.
In it, Zoritte suggests a fictitious alternative to the official Zionist depicting of Julie as a cherished figure of the Zionist movement, in which she and her two children were smuggled by activists of the World Zionist Organization to the United States, where she was committed to a sanatorium in order not to taint the official national myth and official Zionist history with her frustrations and capricious outbursts.
The book is written in two distinct parts.
Part I, "The New World", consists of confessional pages, written by Julie and placed in safekeeping with a young journalist who documents her meetings with the great leader's wife.
Part II, ״The Diaries, 1922-1925", is the diaries written by Julie until the end of her residence in the sanatorium.
His Alientated Wife is one of three books by Zoritte in which she chose to give a voice to the forgotten women of the Zionist movement.
The other two books are ״Life Long Love״, a novel on the tragic love of the painter Ira Jan to Hayim Nahman Bialik and ״״The Maiden and the Poet״, about Nathan Alterman's lover, the painter Zila Binder.
Esther 7
Esther 7 is the seventh chapter of the Book of Esther in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible, The author of the book is unknown and modern scholars have established that the final stage of the Hebrew text would have been formed by the second century BCE.
Chapters 3 to 8 contain the nine scenes that form the complication in the book.
This chapter records the second banquet of Esther.
The king Ahasuerus was then determined to grant her any request, so Esther spoke out about the death threat on her people and identifies Haman as the perpetrator of the projected genocide.
The king went out to his garden in a rage, but shortly came back to see Haman seemingly threatening Esther on her recliner couch.
This caused the king to command the hanging of Haman on the very gallows Haman intended for Mordecai.
This chapter was originally written in the Hebrew language and since the 16th century is divided into 10 verses.
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text, which includes Codex Leningradensis (1008).
There is also a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint, made in the last few centuries BCE.
Extant ancient manuscripts of the Septuagint version include Codex Vaticanus (B; formula_1; 4th century), Codex Sinaiticus (S; BHK: formula_1; 4th century), and Codex Alexandrinus (A; formula_1; 5th century).
This section records how Esther finally speaks out about the projected genocide to her people (for the first time identifies herself as a member of these people) and then 'requests that the lives of all this group be
spared'.
The king was then determined to grant her any request, so Esther spoke out about the death threat on her people and identifies Haman as the
perpetrator of the projected genocide.
The king is perplexed because he might have thought he was authorizing a servitude plan instead of annihilation, which gave a chance for Esther to identify Haman as the
perpetrator.
For the first time Esther addressed the king in the second person,
'if I have won your favour', rather than the custom of using the third
person, 'if I have won the king's favour', as in 5:8, indicating that she is now "ready to be direct in her petitions as well as in her identity'.
After hearing Esther's words, the king stomped out to his garden in a rage, but said nothing about reversing Haman's edict.
Left alone with Esther, the terrified Haman plead for mercy, eventually falling upon the couch where she was reclining to, right when the king was back in the room.
This led to the climactic reversal of the story, which occurs on a personal level, because the king only acts when his own wife is apparently threatened by Haman, just as he issued the decree that "all men are to be masters in their homes" () only after his previous wife's defiance.
The king ordered to hang Haman on the gallows that Haman himself prepared (cf.
; ).
The impalement of the man who plotted against the queen and Mordecai who saved the king has a similarity to the impalement of the conspirators against the king reported by Mordecai ().
After the removal of the immediate threat to his wife, 'the king's anger is abated' (, as in when he had dealt with Vashti).
Everett Hales
Everett Olive Hales (27 October 1876 – 1 November 1947) was a New Zealand cricketer who played first-class cricket for Wellington between 1896 and 1910.
He was later a senior public servant.
Everett Hales was educated at Wellington College, Wellington, and joined the Public Trustee Office in Wellington in 1894.
In 1921 he became Assistant Public Trustee.
In 1934 he was appointed Public Trustee.
Hales was a fast-medium left-arm bowler who took a long run-up and was notable for the swing he achieved in his deliveries.
He took 5 for 41 and 1 for 16 when Wellington gained their first away victory against Canterbury in Christchurch in January 1901.
His best figures were 6 for 22 and 3 for 20 in Wellington's victory over Hawke's Bay in December the same year.
He also represented Wellington at rugby union, and was later chairman of Wellington Rugby Union.
2019–20 UC Davis Aggies men's basketball team
The 2019–20 UC Davis Aggies men's basketball team represent the University of California, Davis in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Aggies, led by 9th-year head coach Jim Les, play their home games at The Pavilion in Davis, California as members of the Big West Conference.
The Aggies finished the 2018–19 season 11–20 overall, 7–9 in Big West play, finishing in a tie for 6th place.
In the Big West Tournament, they were defeated by Cal State Fullerton in the quarterfinals.
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
!colspan=9 style=| Big West regular season
!colspan=12 style=| Big West Tournament
Source
Les Troyens discography
This is a partial discography of Hector Berlioz's opera, "Les Troyens".
It was first performed on 4 November 1863 consisted of Acts 3 to 5 only.
The first staged performance of the whole opera only took place in 1890, 21 years after Berlioz's death.
Colin Davis's recording in 1969 (released in 1970) was the first complete recording of this opera.
Notes
Sources
Beth Nordholt
Jane Elizabeth (Beth) Nordholt is an American physicist known for her work in space science on
mass spectrometry of the solar wind and rings of Saturn and the flow of water vapor in the earth's polar wind, and for her work in digital security on devices for quantum key distribution and random number generation.
Until her retirement, she worked at Los Alamos National Laboratory, which in 2006 named her as a Laboratory Fellow.
Nordholt is the daughter of John B.
(Jack) Nordholt Jr., a former Marine and employee of Webster Manufacturing, and of Joanne Pedigo Nordholt.
She is a 1976 graduate of Columbian High School in Tiffin, Ohio.
She earned a bachelor's degree in 1980 from Rutgers University, and a master's degree in physics in 1983 from the California Institute of Technology.
Herbert Weerasinghe
Herbert W. H. Weerasinghe was the 21st Inspector General of the Sri Lanka Police (IGP) (April – December 1985).
Weerasinghe attended St. Benedict's College, Colombo.
In 1979 he contested for the position of President of the Football Federation of Sri Lanka, losing to Manilal Fernando by two votes.
In June 1983 Weerasinghe, the Senior Deputy Inspector-General of Police, was one of two senior Sri Lankan police officers who were invited by the British government to Belfast to "see at first hand the roles of the police and army in counter-terrorist operations".
The visit was cut short following the anti-Tamil pogrom and riots in Sri Lanka during July.
He was appointed as Inspector General of the Sri Lanka Police by President J. R. Jayewardene on 20 April 1985.
He retired from the Police Service in December 1985.
In 1987 he was appointed as the country's High Commissioner in Malaysia, serving until 1991.
Weerasinghe was married to Delini, and they had six children: Nelani, Haritha, Ruani, Kshanika, Carini and Roshant.
Nordholt
Nordholt is a surname.
Notable people with this name include:
Cymolutes lecluse
Cymolutes lecluse, the sharp-headed wrasse or Hawaiian knifefish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish from the family Labridae, the wrasses.
It is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands where it is found in lagoons over sandy substrates and is piscivorous.
It is found at depaths of between .
TravelPerk
TravelPerk is a travel management company that sells its services to businesses.
It provides travel and expense management services for businesses by automating spending limits and travel policies.
It is headquartered in London, Barcelona, Berlin and has raised $134 million in six funding rounds.
TravelPerk was founded in 2015 by Avi Meir, Javier Suarez, and Ron Levin.
Meir previously founded Hotel Ninjas, a web-based Hotel Management Software that was acquired by Booking.com.
After the selling of Hotel Ninjas, Meir met Suarez while working at Booking.com.
At first they worked on creating a business travel management platform that included a rewards program for business travelers taking business trips and launched it in September 2015.
Soon after, TravelPerk received $7 million in series A funding led by Spark Capital.
The company dropped the awards element, but further enabled seamless travel booking with the integration of train booking service to their platform.
In October 2018, the company raised a $21 million Series B round led by Target Global, Felix Capital, Spark Capital, Sunstone and Amplo.
In July 2019, TravelPerk finalized a two part, $104 million series C funding backed by Kinnevik, Partners of DST Global, Target Global, Felix Capital, Sunstone, and LocalGlobe.
The company partnered with Lufthansa airlines in 2019 to provide the customers direct booking facilities.
In the same year, TravelPerk launched a new product known as FlexiPerk that gives business travelers 90% refunds on cancellations on all bookings.
Wikipedia WikiProject Perth/2020 plan
Monthly meetups have been usually on a Sunday and/or Saturday - and have traditionally defaulted to locations in the CBD of Perth.
In the case of the suggested locations below, the preference is to be on public transport routes, with meetings at locations readily convenient to transport.
The main meeting is social and not formal.
Subsequent activity after the meeting is optional and dependent upon available means of transport.
currently planned sequence - some later dates may have different sequence
events focused on the digitization of content
1905–06 Brown Bears men's ice hockey season
The 1905–06 Brown Bears men's ice hockey season was the 9th season of play for the program.
After the season the team was mothballed for 20 years
For the first time Brown played games before the new year.
Additionally, the team expanded its schedule to its largest extent in five years.
Unfortunately, these changes weren't able to help pull the newly christened Bears out of their funk and the team lost every game for the second year in a row.
After the season, due to poor ice conditions, poor results in games and a lack of support, Brown suspended its ice hockey program.
The team would remain dormant for 20 years.
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
Eduardo do Nascimento Souza
Eduardo do Nascimento Souza, known as Eduardo Souza or Dorita, is a Brazilian football manager, and currently is the assistant manager of Atlético Goianiense.
Souza started his career in 2005 as a fitness coach before starting to work with Roberto Fonseca.
In December 2013, he joined CRB as Roberval Davino's assistant, and became the club's interim manager the following March after Davino's dismissal.
On 27 March 2014, Souza was confirmed as CRB manager, but resigned on 18 May.
He then joined Doriva's staff as his assistant at Ituano, Atlético Paranaense, Vasco da Gama, Ponte Preta (two stints), São Paulo, Bahia, Santa Cruz, Atlético Goianiense, Novorizontino and again CRB.
On 9 December 2018, Souza was named manager of Votuporanguense, but was sacked the following 12 February after only six matches.
He subsequently returned to Atlético Goianiense as a permanent assistant manager of the main squad; in October, he was interim manager for one match (a 0–0 home draw against Ponte Preta) before the signing of Eduardo Barroca.
Romtan Singh
Romtan Singh (born 21 August 1996) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a Defender for NEROCA F.C.
in the I-League.
He made his professional debut for the NEROCA against Gokulam Kerala F.C.
on 30 November 2019, He started match and was substituted in the 54th minute as NEROCA lost 2–1.
Jabez Dodd
Jabez Edward Dodd (14 June 1867 - 2 January 1928) was an Australian politician.
He was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 1910 until his death, representing South Province.
He was elected as a member of the Australian Labor Party, but left the party in the 1917 Labor split and represented the Nationalist Party thereafter.
Dodd was born at Callington in South Australia.
His family moved to Kadina in 1871 when he was aged four.
He became a miner, and lived there until 1889; he joined the Wallaroo Miners' Union aged 17.
Dodd went to Broken Hill in New South Wales from 1889 to 1896, during which he was involved in the 1890 maritime strike and 1892 Broken Hill miners' strike.
He then went to Coolgardie in Western Australia, where he continued as a miner and became involved in trade union work before moving to Kalgoorlie in 1899.
Dodd was a founder of the Amalgamated Workers' Association (AWA) and then the Amalgamated Miners' Association (AMA).
He was secretary of the Kalgoorlie–Boulder branch of the Westralian Federated Miners' Union from 1899 to 1911, was vice-president of the Goldfields Trades and Labour Council in 1903, was appointed a justice of the peace in 1904 and was a regular contributor to "The Worker".
He was an unsuccessful candidate for South Province at the 1908 biennial Legislative Council elections.
Dodd was elected to the Legislative Council at the 1910 biennial election.
He served as Minister Without Portfolio under John Scaddan from 1911 to 1916.
Dodd was expelled from the Labor Party in April 1917 during the 1917 Labor split and joined the new National Labor Party.
He died in office in the Perth suburb of Subiaco in January 1928 and was buried at Karrakatta Cemetery.
Kusaina
Kusaina (Hindi: कुसैना) is a village in Salarpur block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
The village is administrated by Titauli Gram panchayat.
The village code is 128264.
According to 2011 Census of India, the total population of the village is 743, out of 386 are males and 357 are females.
Tietkens expedition of 1889
The Tietkens expedition of 1889 was led by William Tietkens.
It covered territory west of Alice Springs to the vicinity of the Western Australian border.
The expedition members were:
The expedition took place from March to July 1889.
Tietkens hoped to discover a supply channel to Lake Amadeus from hills to the north-west, expecting that this might open a reliable route to the north-west coast settlements.
He succeeded in proving that it did not exist.
The South Australian branch of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia was instrumental in mounting the expedition and appointing Tietkens as leader.
This expedition discovered Lake Macdonald, the Kintore Range, Mount Leisler, Mount Rennie, the Cleland Hills, defined the western borders of Lake Amadeus, and photographed Uluru (Ayers Rock) and Kata Tjuta (Mount Olga) for the first time.
Features named by Tietkens, with the source of the name, include:
The attached map shows the main features of the route followed.
The caravan consisted of twelve camels, sufficient to carry the expedition members, provisions for up to four months and water for a lesser period.
The expedition collected new species of plants and rock samples allowing the South Australian government geologist to compile a 'geological sketch' of the country traversed.
Specimens of 250 plant species were collected, although only 8 were new to science,
and in 1890, Ferdinand von Mueller and Ralph Tate named "Eremophila tietkensii" in his honour.
The following publications contain information derived from this expedition:
.
Tietkens was elected a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society on his return.
Margaret Wylie
Margaret Wylie (born 1870) was a Western Australian author and teacher of home economics.
Wylie headed the domestic science branch of the Department of Education (Western Australia), and wrote the "Golden Wattle Cookery Book", first published in Perth, Western Australia in 1924.
In 1923 Wylie had been in charge of the household science teaching in Western Australia for eight years, responsible for 28 centres and 3000 pupils, and was considered an expert in domestic science by "The Daily News" newspaper in Perth.
In September 1931, Wylie officially opened Phoebe's School of Domestic Arts at 882 Hay Street, the first privately run domestic arts school in Australia.
She retired in December that year, having spent seventeen years in her position at the Education Department, overseen the growth in popularity of domestic sciences, and an increase from 16 to 33 teaching centres.
Wylie was a radio broadcaster for 6WF in the 1930s, presenting a talk show from at least 1933 to 1936.
Wylie was included in the 1978 book "Reflections: profiles of 150 women who helped make Western Australia's history".
Fakirerpool Young Men’s Club
Fakirerpool Young Men's Club () is a football team from Dhaka, Bangladesh.
It is currently a team of Bangladesh Championship League(BCL).
Timmianut Pikiuqarvik
Timmianut Pikiuqarvik (, "where birds nest") is an 18-hole disc golf course in Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada, located South of Iqaluit Airport, between Sylvia Grinnell Territorial Park and Frobisher Bay.
Since its establishment in 2007, it is the only disc golf course in Nunavut.
The course is notable for being the northernmost disc golf course in Canada and for being completely devoid of trees, since it is one of only a handful disc golf courses located North of the tree line.
Because of its remoteness, the course is poorly known and rarely played, but often wish-listed by members of the disc golf community.
In 2018 and 2019, Iqaluit's Timmianut Pikiuqarvik disc golf course received a brief mention in the Iqaluit Visitor's Guide as an amenity that can be enjoyed in the city.
Principal Scientific Adviser to the Government of India
The Principal Scientific Adviser (PSA) is the chief advisor to the government on matters related to scientific policy.
It is currently a Secretary level position created in 1999 by the AB Vajpayee government.
At the time, the position was a Cabinet rank position, with the first PSA being APJ Abdul Kalam.
This was followed by Rajagopala Chidambaram who held the rank of a Minister of State and was the PSA for 16 years.
The current PSA is K. VijayRaghavan.
The 'Office of the Principal Scientific Adviser', through the Prime Minister’s Science, Technology and Innovation Advisory Council (PM-STIAC) helps scientific cross-sectoral synergy across ministries, institutions and the industry.
Attacks on Muhammad Zafar Iqbal
Muhammad Zafar Iqbal (born December 23, 1952 ) is a Bangladeshi writer, physicist and educator.
He is regarded as the pioneer of writing and popularizing scientific fiction in Bangladesh .
He is also a popular children's writer and columnist.
His writings have been adapted into several novel films.
He is currently a Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at Shahjalal University of Science and Technology and Head of the Electrical Strategy Department.
During the closing ceremony of a robotic competition at Shahjalal University of Science and Technology at 3 pm on March 27 (3 March 2018?
), a madrasa student named Faizur was attacked by the audience for attempting to kill him.
Queen's Theatre, Burslem
The Queen's Theatre (originally Queen's Hall) is a theatre building in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent, England.
It is situated in Wedgwood Place in the town centre.
It is a Grade II listed building, listed on 19 April 1972.
It was commissioned as Burslem's town hall, to replace the town hall built in the 1850s, and was built by the architects Russell and Cooper.
Completed in 1911, after the Federation of Stoke-on-Trent in 1910 made its original purpose obsolete, the building was opened as the Queen's Theatre, a venue for drama, concerts and other entertainments.
Requiring repairs, the theatre closed in 1998.
From 2003 events occasionally took place; it closed again in 2014.
The front, faced with ashlar, has a portico of full height with three pairs of Corinthian columns and an entablature above; there is a windowless attic storey above this.
There is a large doorway between each pair of columns.
To the right of the main frontage is a wing of the building, of two storeys, with ten windows on each storey and an entrance.
It is supposed that this part, being less ornate, was created after it was known that the building was no longer intended as a town hall.
The foyer has a white marble staircase at each end.
The auditorium has a rear and side balconies, and a ceiling with decorative plasterwork and large Art Deco lamps.
Jimilu Mason
Jimilu "Mimi" Mason (or simply known as JIMILU) (1930-2019) was an American sculptor.
Mason is known for her busts of notable American figures of the 1960s, including Lyndon B. Johnson, who sat for Mason many times.
Jimilu Mason was born in 1930 in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
She was skilled at a young age in modeling and sculpture, which led her to complete a bachelor's degree in fine arts from George Washington University in 1953.
Mason lived and worked in Alexandria, Virginia, just outside of Washington D.C., where she operated a frame shop in addition to her studio.
Her breakthrough work was when she submitted a bust of Frederick M. Vinson for consideration during a call for submissions for the chief justice's official portrait.
Mason's bust was chosen.
Today, it resides in the Supreme Court Bust Collection.
Her sculpture of Constantino Brumidi is located in the Brumidi Corridors.
She was friends with Roger L. Stevens, who sat for Mason.
Her bust of Stevens is on display at the Kennedy Center, of which he was founding chair.
Mason also created works of Audie Murphy, Edwin C. Johnson, and Sam Rayburn.
In 1971, Mason was awarded the Outstanding Alumnus Award from George Washington University.
Mason's final piece was a memorial to 9/11.
She sculpted numerous busts of Lyndon Johnson.
Johnson sat for Mason, at both his ranch and at the White House.
Johnson would call Mason and invite her down to his ranch, having her fly with him on Air Force One with the work-in-progress.
She preferred to work with Johnson at his ranch, where he was more relaxed.
One of her bust's of Johnson resides in the Vice Presidential Bust Collection and another is on display at the Lyndon B. Johnson Library.
Johnson appointment Mason to serve on the board of the National Council of the Arts from 1966 until 1972.
Mason created her sculptures out of clay.
Final pieces were cast in bronze or chiseled in Carrara marble.
Mason died at the Seasons Retirement Community in Cincinnati, Ohio on May 27, 2019.
Sanju Panda
Ms. Justice Sanju Panda(born on 10 July 1959) is an Indian Judge.
Presently, she is Acting Chief Justice of Orissa High Court.
She was born on 10 July 1959 at Paralakhemundi in Odisha.
She was enrolled in Bar in 1985.
She was elevated as Judge of Orissa High Court on 1 March 2007.
She was appointed as Acting Chief Justice of Orissa High Court on 5 January 2020 after retirement of Chief Justice Kalpesh Satyendra Jhaveri on 4 January 2020.
Golden Reel Award for Outstanding Achievement in Sound Editing – Sound Effects and Foley for Feature Film
The Golden Reel Award for Outstanding Achievement in Sound Editing – Sound Effects and Foley for Feature Film is an annual award given by the Motion Picture Sound Editors.
It honors sound editors whose work has warranted merit in the field of cinema; in this case, their work in the field of sound effects and foley.
It was first awarded in 1954, for films released the previous year, under the title Best Sound Editing - Feature Film.
In 1964 the award was split in two, this to honor sound effects editing, while the other honored adr.
It wasn't until 1974 that the title specified that it was being awarded to sound effects, under the title Best Sound Editing - Sound Effects.
The "foley" of the title wasn't recognized until 1997.
Between then and 2018, the category's title fluctuated between similar variations.
The award has been given under it's current title since 2018.
Best Sound Editing - Feature Film
Best Sound Editing - Sound Effects
Best Sound Editing - Sound Effects & Foley
Best Sound Editing - Sound Effects & Foley, Domestic Feature Film
Best Sound Editing in Feature Film - Sound Effects & Foley
Best Sound Editing - Sound Effects and Foley in an English Language Feature
Best Sound Editing - Sound Effects and Foley in a Feature Film
Outstanding Achievement in Sound Editing - Sound Effects and Foley for Feature Film
47th Daytime Emmy Awards
The 47th Daytime Emmy Awards, presented by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (NATAS), will honor the best in U.S. daytime television programming in 2019.
For the first time it will span three over nights, June 12–14, 2020, replacing both the traditional main ceremony and the separate Creative Arts ceremony.
All three nights will be held at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium in Pasadena, California.
The nominations will be announced in April 27, 2020.
For the first time the Daytime Emmys will be presented over three over nights, instead of the traditional main ceremony and the separate Creative Arts ceremony, to honor its ever expanding set of award categories.
As part of several initiatives regarding gender identity, the NATAS decided to replace both the younger actor and younger actress drama categories with a single gender-neutral Outstanding Younger Performer in a Drama Series.
72nd Primetime Emmy Awards
The 72nd Primetime Emmy Awards will honor the best in U.S. prime time television programming from June 1, 2019 until May 31, 2020, as chosen by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
The ceremony will be held on September 20, 2020, at the Microsoft Theater in Downtown Los Angeles, California, and broadcast in the U.S. by ABC; it will be preceded by the 72nd Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards on September 12 and 13.
The nominations will be announced on July 14, 2020.
Among the new changes, the "Informational Series or Special" award category has been renamed "Hosted Nonfiction Series or Special".
Pelab Kabi
Pelab Kabi (died 4 January 2020) was an Indian politician from West Bengal belonging to Communist Party of India (Marxist).
He was a legislator of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly.
Kabi was elected as a member of the West Bengal legislative assembly from Jamuria in 1996.
He was also elected from Jamuria in 2001.
Kabi died on 4 January 2020.
Tengnueng Sitjaesairoong
Tengnueng Sitjaesairoong (Thai: เต็งหนึ่ง ศิษย์เจ๊สายรุ้ง; born October 6, 1992) is a Thai Muay Thai fighter from the Nakhon Sawan province of Thailand.
He is a 2014 King's Cup tournament winner.
Tengnueng is known for his tendency to deliver knockouts early in his fights, usually within the first round.
He has achieved fame on THAI FIGHT, a Thai promotion which hosts Muay Thai events all over Thailand and around the world.
Fighting in a larger weight class than most Thai fighters, Tengnueng has become a fan favorite in THAI FIGHT and is a main event staple.
He is a two-time THAI FIGHT Champion.
His style of Muay Thai is regarded as 'Muay Mat', emphasizing heavy hands and the occasional lethal low kick.
As of November 2019, Tengnueng is ranked the No.
1 light heavyweight by WBC Muaythai.
Tengnueng Sitjaesairoong was born Ekkapan Somboonsab on October 6, 1992 in Nakhon Sawan, Thailand.
He started practicing Muay Thai at the age of 6, receiving training from his father, a former Muay Thai fighter.
In his early days, he would partake in 3-round fights.
Tengnueng first joined the Meenayothin Gym but later moved to the Rachanon Gym to kickstart his Muay Thai career.
He began fighting under the ring name of Super-X Por.
Petchnamchai.
Early on, his professional career got off to a rough start as he lost the majority of his fights, all by decision.
During this time, he usually fought at the Siam Omnoi Stadium and the prestigious Rajadamnern Stadium.
On September 19, 2012, Tengnueng made his first appearance on THAI FIGHT, facing Abdallah Mabel at THAI FIGHT Lyon.
However, he wound up losing by 2nd-round TKO.
After a falling out with the head of the Rachanon Gym, he took some time away from Muay Thai.
Tengnueng later returned and resumed training with the Dechrat Gym in 2014, with whom he has been training with ever since, and began fighting under his current ring name of Tengnueng Sitjaesairoong.
In his comeback, Tengnueng Sitjaesairoong went on to participate in the 2014 Omnoi Stadium Weber 154lbs Muay Thai Tournament at Omnoi Stadium.
On November 8, 2014, Tengnueng defeated Kompetchlek Lookprabat to become the 2014 Omnoi Stadium Weber 154lbs Tournament Champion.
On December 5, 2014, Tengnueng participated in the one-night King's Cup challenger tournament.
In the tournament semis, he knocked out Sweden's Carl N'Diaye in the 1st round.
In the finals, he defeated Ilya Grad of Israel by 1st-round KO to win the 2014 King's Cup.
He made his return to THAI FIGHT on April 4, 2015, where he faced Rungrawee Kemmuaythaigym at THAI FIGHT CRMA, where he won by three-round decision.
He then defeated Gaëtan Dambo by decision at THAI FIGHT Samui 2015 on May 2, 2015.
Next, he faced Alex Oller at THAI FIGHT Shaolin in China on July 18, 2015, where he proceeded to deliver a 1st-round knockout, the first of many.
On August 22, 2015, he defeated Alka Matewa of Belgium by unanimous decision at THAI FIGHT Narathiwat.
Tengnueng resumed his habit of finishing opponents and began a long streak of knockout victories as he proceeded to beat Aleksei Dodonov via 2nd-round TKO at THAI FIGHT Moscow on September 17, 2015.
On October 24, 2015, Tengnueng defeated the Lithuanian Sigitas Gaizauskas by 2nd-round KO at THAI FIGHT Vietnam.
On November 21, 2015, he claimed a 1st-round KO victory over Florian Breau at THAI FIGHT RPCA.
In the final THAI FIGHT event of 2015, THAI FIGHT Count Down, Tengnueng faced the Brazilian José Neto for the 2015 THAI FIGHT Junior Middleweight Championship on December 31, 2015.
After connecting on multiple punching combinations, Tengnueng was able to score a 1st-round KO victory.
As a result, he was crowned the 2015 THAI FIGHT Junior Middleweight Champion.
Tengnueng started 2016 with a 2nd-round TKO victory over Daniel Kerr of Germany at THAI FIGHT Korat 2016 on March 19, 2016.
On April 30, 2016, he secured a 1st-round KO victory over Brazil's Reinato Gomes at THAI FIGHT Samui 2016.
On July 23, 2016, Tengnueng would brutally dispatch Sok Tauch of Cambodia with a 1st-round TKO victory at THAI FIGHT Proud To Be Thai..
On August 20, 2016, Tengnueng was able to secure 2 KO wins in one night at THAI FIGHT KMITL.
He first knocked out Yan Naing Aung of Myanmar in the 1st round.
He then proceeded to deliver another 1st-round KO over Sinan Uluturk of Turkey that same evening.
At THAI FIGHT London, on September 11, 2016, he beat Sam Gough by 1st-round TKO with a low kick.
On October 5, 2016, Tengnueng defeated Erik Massion of Germany by 1st-round KO at THAI FIGHT Emei.
He would then go on an uncharacteristic three-fight losing streak, including a decision loss to Hamza Ngoto at THAI FIGHT Paris on April 8, 2017.
This marked his first loss in THAI FIGHT since September 19, 2012.
After a period of inactivity for most of 2017 and 2018, in which he fought once each year, Tengnueng later returned to THAI FIGHT in 2019 on February 23, 2019 at THAI FIGHT Phuket 2019.
This time, he had noticeably put on weight and fought at a heavier 80 kg (176 lbs), as opposed to his previous fighting weights of 70-75 kg (154-165 lbs).
His first opponent of the year was Russia's Mike Vetrila, whom he knocked out in the 3rd round, keeping his streak of KO wins alive at 12.
On March 30, 2019, he defeated Evgenii Afanasev at THAI FIGHT Mueang Khon 2019 by 2nd-round KO.
Tengnueng seemed to return to his previous form, despite his weight gain, when he delivered a 1st-round KO of Simon Maait of Australia at THAI FIGHT Samui 2019 on April 27, 2019.
However, this was not to last as his performance was called into question when he faced Mohammad Hossein Doroudian of Iran at THAI FIGHT Betong 2019 on June 29, 2019.
After uncharacteristically getting knocked down early in the 1st round, Tengnueng seemed hesitant to engage but was able to inflict his own damage in much of the 2nd round.
However, the judges deemed the fight to be even after 3 rounds and declared the match a draw, requiring a 4th round to be fought.
Both Tengnueng and Doroudian, obviously gassed, were reluctant to engage but the Thai was declared the winner by extra-round decision.
This fight ultimately ended Tengnueng's streak of wins by KO at 14.
On August 24, 2019, Tengnueng defeated Aboofazel Goodarzi by 1st-round KO at THAI FIGHT Kham Chanod 2019.
Tengnueng was eventually booked for a rematch with Mohammad Hossein Doroudian at THAI FIGHT Bangsaen 2019 on October 26, 2019.
This time around, Tengnueng captured the 1st-round KO victory with a series of high kicks that gradually wore down Doroudian's arms.
On November 23, 2019, Tengnueng faced Shahram Delavar at THAI FIGHT Mae Sot 2019.
While he dominated the entire 3 rounds of the fight, Tengnueng was unable to finish off Delavar and ended up getting the win by decision.
On December 21, 2019, at THAI FIGHT: Thai Fest in Patong, Tengnueng faced perhaps one of his most decorated and experienced opponents in the USA's Cyrus Washington.
Washington was perhaps best known for his trilogy of lethwei fights with the Burmese lethwei world champion Tun Tun Min.
While Washington was older and slower, he was able to avoid getting knocked out by Tengnueng and the fight eventually went the full 3 rounds.
With Tengnueng landing more clear shots, he took the decision victory and was crowned the 2019 THAI FIGHT Light Cruiserweight (81kg) Champion.
2019 CEBL Entry Draft
The 2019 CEBL Entry Draft was the inaugural CEBL Entry Draft, held on March 23, 2019 at the Art Gallery of Hamilton in Hamilton, Ontario.
Six Canadian Elite Basketball League (CEBL) teams selected 78 athletes in total.
A blind draw was used to determine the draft order for the first round.
A "snake draft" was used, with the order reversing in even-numbered rounds, and the original order in odd-numbered rounds.
The draft order for the first round was drawn as follows:
The first four rounds were regional rounds, in which teams selected players from their region.
The three eastern teams had to choose players from Eastern Canada and the western teams from Western Canada.
The next seven rounds were open rounds, with teams able to select players from any region of the world.
The final two rounds were U Sports rounds, in which teams selected players playing in U Sports, Canada's university basketball program.
Source:
2020 Emmy Awards
2020 Emmy Awards may refer to:
Athletics at the 1989 Summer Universiade – Men's 400 metres hurdles
The men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1989 Summer Universiade was held at the Wedaustadion in Duisburg on 25, 26, and 27 August 1989.
Noor de Baat
Noor Orpa de Baat (born 4 October 2000) is a field hockey player from the Netherlands, who plays as a midfielder.
Noor de Baat was born and raised in Broek in Waterland, Netherlands.
In the Dutch Hoofdklasse, de Baat plays club hockey for Amsterdam.
In 2018 at the EuroHockey Youth Championship, de Baat was a member of the Netherlands U–18 team.
During the tournament in Santander, de Baat scored once in the Dutch side's gold medal campaign.
De Baat made her debut for the Netherlands U–21 side in 2019 at the EuroHockey Junior Championship in Valencia.
At the tournament, de Baat scored two goals, and helped the team to a silver medal finish, losing in the final to Spain.
Game Changer Wrestling
Game Changer Wrestling (GCW) is an independent wrestling promotion based in New Jersey, U.S.A, active since 1999.
It is currently owned by independent wrestlers Brett Lauderdale and Danny Demanto.
The promotion was founded by wrestler Ricky Otazu in 1999 as Jersey Championship Wrestling.
It was renamed Game Changer Wrestling in 2015, and has transformed itself into a small regional promotion into a nationally popular company that has toured all over the United States, as well as internationally in places like Japan.
The company predominantly features hardcore wrestling, and incorporates a shoot style hybrid of mixed-martial arts and professional wrestling in some events.
Some of GCW's most popular annual events include Bloodsport, Joey Janela's Spring Break, GCW Backyard and Nick Gage Invitational.
Jersey Championship Wrestling (JCW) was founded by independent wrestler Ricky Otazu, also known by his ring name of Ricky O, in January 1999 in New Jersey.
JCW ran their first show on January 29, 2000 in Lyndhurst, New Jersey.
Later that year, JCW hosted the inaugural Jersey J-Cup, which featured some of the top unsigned wrestlers of that period.
They would continue to host the tournament until 2004, when JCW was sold to rival company National Wrestling Superstars (NWS).
The promotion would remain dormant for nearly a decade.
In September 2013, after the closure of National Wrestling Superstars, Otazu reclaimed the rights to JCW and reopened the promotion.
In April 2014, JCW opened its own training school in North Bergen.
Later that year, JCW would return to hosting the Jersey J-Cup.
In June 2015, Jersey Championship Wrestling rebranded itself to Game Changer Wrestling after being purchased by Brett Lauderdale and Danny Demanto.
After the buyout, GCW began to predominantly feature hardcore wrestling and continued to enjoy success in the New Jersey Wrestling scene, producing several tournaments that boasted high-level independent wrestlers, including the Nick Gage Invitational Ultraviolent Tournament, the Tournament of Survival and the Acid Cup.
In March 2017, GCW produced the critically well received Joey Janela's Spring Break show in Fern Park, Florida.
This would become an annual tradition for the company.
GCW would continue to expand throughout the United States and hosted its first show in Los Angeles in November 2018, titled To Live and Die in LA.
In April 2018, GCW partnered with Matt Riddle to produce Matt Riddle's Bloodsport, a show that fused professional wrestling and mixed-martial arts rules.
Bloodsport would take place twice more in 2019, this time with the partnership of Josh Barnett.
GCW also entered a partnership with video-streaming service FITE TV to exclusively stream GCW events.
In August 2019, GCW embarked on a two-day tour of Japan.
Wu Chung Library
The Wu Chung Library (), named after , is located in the United College of the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK).
As one of the seven libraries in CUHK, the United College Library houses the Philosophy collection, major Chinese monograph series collection and General Education collection, and provides facilities including a 24x7 collaborative learning space, Group Study Rooms and Outdoor Reading Area.
The United College Library was first founded in 1956 and located at Caine Road, Hong Kong.
In 1972, with a donation by Wu Chung, the Library was named as the Wu Chung Library and moved into its present campus in Shatin.
The Library was renamed as the Wu Chung Multimedia Library to house the collection of audiovisual materials in 2001.
On 1 July 2018, after distributing the multimedia collection to other CUHK Libraries according to the subject designation of the materials, the Library reverted to its original name as the Wu Chung Library.
After transforming from a multimedia library to a humanities-based library, the Wu Chung Library now houses the collections on Philosophy, Classical Chinese Reference (AC Class) and General Education.
The redesigned library applies the frameless transparent window walls, which located on the lower ground floor and the ground floor, to merge the indoor and outdoor for users to enjoy the waterfall and greenery.
The lower ground floor features a 24x7 collaborative learning space equipped with IT facilities.
The ground floor houses a cluster of computing facilities together with collaborative study space and five Group Study Rooms, as well as the Tien Chi Microcomputer Laboratory.
On the first floor, it offers the Outdoor Reading Area, the Seminar Room and the Independent Learning Centre.
The second floor provides further collaborative study place and six Faculty Study Rooms.
Sidney Goodwin (artist)
Paul Sidney Goodwin (1875–1944), commonly known as Sidney Goodwin, was an English/Australian artist who painted primarily in watercolour.
When he emigrated to Australia he adopted the pseudonym William Young.
Goodwin was born in Southampton, England on 28 January 1875.
He was the elder son of the six children born to William Sidney Goodwin and his wife Elizabeth (nee Young).
His talented family produced several artists, most notably Sidney's uncle Albert Goodwin.
Typically, Goodwin painted urban, rural and maritime landscapes and he was known as an accomplished painter of animals, particularly horses.
Like his father and uncle before him, he was an avid traveller and made regular overseas trips which included extended visits to Canada and Ireland.
Despite travelling for long periods each year he was nonetheless a regular exhibitor with the Southampton Art Society (SAS), Bournemouth Art Society and Royal Hibernian Academy of Arts in Dublin.
He commenced exhibiting with the SAS’s Fourth Annual Exhibition in 1889 when only fourteen years old.
After WWI Goodwin departed the northern hemisphere emigrating to Australia where he stayed for the remainder of his life.
On arrival in Sydney he adopted the pseudonym William Young and his Australian paintings, which date from 1919, were signed "W. Young".
It is unclear what circumstances prompted his relocation and change of name.
He died in Sydney on 23 September 1944 and is represented in the collections of the Southampton City Art Gallery, Mitchell Library, State Library of New South Wales, Wollongong Art Gallery and New England Regional Art Museum.
Kasaysayan TV
Kasaysayan TV (), also shortened to KTV, is a Filipino educational television series developed by the Sky Foundation (now the Knowledge Channel Foundation) and broadcast on Knowledge Channel beginning in 2001.
Maya Hernaez, Nikki Valdez and Diane dela Fuente were the series' VJ-APs.
Both this series and "Pamana" were the first original programs to be created by the foundation.
"Kasaysayan TV" was developed to engage first year high school students in Philippine history.
Mount Earl Grey
Mount Earl Grey is a mountain summit located in the Purcell Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.
It is situated southwest of Invermere, and north-northeast of Kaslo, on the northern boundary of Purcell Wilderness Conservancy Provincial Park and Protected Area.
Nearby peaks include Truce Mountain, to the west, Redtop Mountain, to the southwest, and Jumbo Mountain, to the north.
The mountain was named in 1915 in association with Earl Grey Pass which is south of the mountain.
In turn, the pass was named for Albert Grey, 4th Earl Grey (1851-1917), the Governor General of Canada from 1904 through 1911, who visited this pass during horseback camping trips in 1907 and 1908.
The mountain's name was officially adopted March 31, 1924, when approved by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
The first ascent of Mount Earl Grey was made July 16, 1928, by E. Cromwell, J. G. Hillhouse, J. Monroe Thorington, and Conrad Kain.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Earl Grey is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors  below −30 °C.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains into tributaries of Toby Creek, which in turn is a tributary of the Columbia River.
Wilhelm Thöny
Wilhelm Thöny (10 February 1888, Graz - 1 May 1949, New York City) was an Austrian painter, illustrator, graphic artist and etcher.
He first attended the Landeskunstschule (State Art School) in Graz then, from 1908 to 1912, studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Munich with Angelo Jank and Gabriel von Hackl.
During this time, he also learned to sing and play the piano.
He was one of the founding members of the and became lifelong friends with the artist and writer, Alfred Kubin.
In 1915, he volunteered to join the Graz Rifle Regiment #3.
In 1916, he was allowed to visit the prisoner-of-war camps in Broumov, Kleinmünchen (near Linz) and Mauthausen, where he made portrait studies of the prisoners; mostly Italian, Albanian, Romanian and Greek.
In 1917, he became a Lieutenant in the Reserve and was stationed on the Italian Front, where he created large-scale depictions of the battles fought there.
Many were reproduced as postcards; sold to benefit the regiment's Widows and Orphans Fund.
These may now be seen in the .
Later, he illustrated a history of his regiment; although he was never designated as an official war artist.
In this regard, he is often confused with Eduard Thöny (no relation), who was an official artist with the press corps.
After the war, he returned to Graz, where he became the founder and first President of the (1923); a modern artists' association.
In 1925, he married Thea Herrmann-Trautner; daughter of the American expatriate painter, Frank Herrmann (1866–1942), and sister of the caricaturist .
After a short stay in Paris, in 1929, he produced his first large oil painting, "Ile de la Cité".
This led to a fascination with large cities so, in 1931, he left Graz and lived in Paris until 1938; precipitating a major change in his style.
His summers were spent on the Côte d’Azur, where some of his most significant works were produced.
After a visit to Manhattan in 1933, he began to produce paintings with New York motifs.
During these years, he exhibited widely, receiving a gold medal at the Exposition Internationale des Arts et Techniques dans la Vie Moderne in 1937.
The following year, he and Thea moved to New York City.
On March 4, 1948, a warehouse fire destroyed over a thousand of his graphics and paintings which were being stored for an exhibition.
This was the bulk of his life's work.
He fell into a depression, from which he never recovered, until his death the following year.
In 1976, a street in the Donaustadt district of Vienna was named after him.
His surviving works may be seen at the (which held a major retrospective in 2013), Österreichische Galerie Belvedere, and the Heeresgeschichtliches Museum in Vienna.
Redtop Mountain
Redtop Mountain is a mountain summit located in the Purcell Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.
It is situated southwest of Invermere, and north-northeast of Kaslo, on the northern boundary of Purcell Wilderness Conservancy Provincial Park and Protected Area.
Nearby peaks include Truce Mountain, to the west, Mount Earl Grey, to the northeast, and Jumbo Mountain, to the north.
The first ascent of Redtop Mountain was made August 11, 1916, by Albert H. MacCarthy, Elizabeth MacCarthy, and Conrad Kain.
Albert MacCarthy would go on to lead the 1925 first ascent of Mount Logan, Canada's highest mountain.
The mountain's name was officially adopted June 9, 1960, when approved by the Geographical Names Board of Canada.
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Redtop Mountain is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors  below −30 °C.
Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains southwest into Hamill Creek, a  tributary of the Duncan River, whereas most drains into tributaries of Toby Creek, which is a tributary of the Columbia River.
Twickenham War Memorial
Twickenham War Memorial, in Radnor Gardens, Twickenham, London, commemorates the men of the district of Twickenham who died in the First World War.
After 1945, the memorial was updated to recognise casualties from the Second World War.
The memorial was commissioned by Twickenham Urban District Council in 1921.
It was designed by the sculptor Mortimer Brown, and is Brown's only significant public work.
The memorial is unusual for its representation of a jubilant soldier returning home.
It became a Grade II* listed structure in 2017.
The area around Richmond had been a favoured site for wealthy Londoners to construct country houses since medieval times.
Cherry and Pevsner note that, after Westminster, "no other London borough has a greater wealth of major palaces and mansions than Richmond upon Thames".
Edward III died at his palace at Sheen in 1377.
Henry VII replaced that building with Richmond Palace, which was further developed by his son Henry VIII until the latter gained possession of the even grander Hampton Court Palace in 1525.
In the 18th century the area saw the development of more modest riverside retreats for the aristocracy and the upper classes.
Among the earliest, dating from 1724, was Marble Hill House, designed by Roger Morris for the Countess of Suffolk.
Alexander Pope was a regular visitor to Marble Hill and built his own villa nearby.
These villas were firstly constructed in a Palladian style, echoing the villas of the Veneto, but by the mid-century early examples of the Gothic Revival began to appear, most notably Horace Walpole's Strawberry Hill House.
A lesser Gothic example was Radnor House, the grounds of which now form part of Radnor Gardens.
The park in which the memorial stands was formed from the grounds of Radnor House and Cross Deep House by Twickenham Urban District Council in 1903.
At the end of the First World War, in common with many local authorities, the council decided to erect a war memorial to commemorate the dead of the district.
The sculptor Mortimer Brown won a design competition in 1920 and was commissioned to undertake the work.
Brown had trained at the Hanley School of Art and the National Art Training School, followed by study at the Royal Academy Schools.
The memorial represents a life-size soldier, cast in bronze by the Singer & Sons foundry.
The figure is depicted walking in service dress and greatcoat, holding a rifle in one hand, with the other hand lifting up a cap to wave above his head.
The statue is unusual for showing a "joyful returning soldier, in contrast to the more conventional attitudes of watchfulness or mourning".
The Cambridge War Memorial has a similar composition of a soldier marching home cheerfully holding a helmet, and the Lancashire Fusiliers Boer War Memorial in Bury, Greater Manchester, is an earlier example of a memorial sculpture of a soldier holding aloft his headgear in celebration.
(Both are listed at Grade II.)
The main statue stands on a tall square plinth of Portland stone, which has bronze plaques set in four sides and a dedicatory inscription on the south side which was amended after the Second World War to recognise the dead of Twickenham in that conflict.
Three of the bronze plaques are figurative relief sculptures showing: three airmen (to the west); two women, one a nurse and the other a Voluntary Aid Detachment volunteer (north); and two naval officers and a rating (east).
The plaque commemorating the contribution of women to the war effort is "uncommon".
The naval plaque was stolen in 2011 and the current plaque is a replacement installed in 2012.
The borough's coat of arms appears on small bronze plaque on the south side of the plinth, above the inscription: / / / / / / / / .
The memorial was sited to form a vista towards the Star and Garter Home for disabled servicemen, previously located on Richmond Hill to the northeast.
It was unveiled by Field Marshal Sir William Robertson, 1st Baronet, on 2 November 1921, at a ceremony attended by a band from the Royal Military School of Music at Kneller Hall nearby and a large crowd sheltering under umbrellas against the continuous rain.
The memorial was designated a Grade II* listed structure on 5 April 2017.
Kunoichi Keshō
The plan to overthrow the Tokugawa Shogunate, led by Yui Shōsetsu and Marubashi Chūya, failed.
Matsudaira Nobutsuna sensed the movement of Yui Shōsetsu and had Hattori Hanzo search for the funding source.
As a result, Matsudaira Nobutsuna learned that the billions of treasure left by the Toyotomi clan had been hidden.
He send Amakusa Senchiyo and his subordinate to Nagasaki to find the treasure.
Passage of the Grande Honnelle
The Passage of the Grande Honnelle was a battle between troops of the British First and Third Armies and German Empire forces during the Hundred Days Offensive of the First World War.
The action took place in and around the Belgian municipality of Honnelles, between 5 and 7 November 1918.
General Horne’s objective was to cross the French border into Belgium and forge a passage through the parallel rivers of the Grand Honnelle and Petite Honnelle, moving the battlefront towards the line between Mons on the left and Aulnios on the right.
In October 1918, the First and Third British Armies had broken through the Hindenburg Line, at the Second Battle of Cambrai.
This collapse forced the German High Command to accept that the war had to be ended.
Together with the failing German morale, this convinced many Allied commanders and political leaders that the war could be brought to an end in 1918; previously, all efforts had been concentrated on building up forces to mount a decisive attack in 1919.
In the aftermath of the Battle of Valenciennes on 1 November, the German Army was in retreat, to such an extent that Field Marshall Haig ordered a general advance, telling divisions to act vigorously on their own initiative so as to keep the Germans from establishing a firm line.
On 4 November the 3rd and 4th Canadian divisions arrived on both sides of the Valenciennes–Mons road; their front extended from Condé in the north to Marchipont in the south.
The 56th (London) Infantry Division and 11th (Northern) Division were further south; their front extended from Rombies to Jenlain, with Third Army on the right.
Patrols from the 87th Battalion (Canadian Grenadier Guards), a unit of the 4th Canadian Division, crossed the Aunelle River, marking the liberation by the Canadians of the first part of occupied Belgium.
The 56th (London) Infantry Division attempted to take Honnelles.
The 13th and 14th London Regiments failed to clear the area, however, the 1/5th London Regiment successfully secured Angreau in a tough battle along the Grande Honnelle.
To the south, the troops of the 11th (Northern) Division had crossed the Aunelle River at Sebourg the previous day.
Four battalions advanced through Roisin: the 9th (Yorkshire Hussars) West Yorkshire Regiment, 6th Lincolnshire Regiment, 7th South Staffordshire Regiment and 9th Sherwood Foresters (Nottingham and Derbyshire Regiment).
German artillery shelled the village, "despite the fact that the village was crowded with civilians".
Further south General Byng's Third Army completely cleared the enemy from Forêt de Mormal.
The fighting was conducted in cold conditions and General Horne became concerned that muddy roads would prevent the advance.
However, there was to be no let up and both XXII Corps and Canadian Corps were to continue the advance the following day, their objective being the railway line between Mons and Aulnois to the south.
XXII Corps resumed their attack at 05:30, but immediately ran into strong German resistance.
When the 11th (Northern) Infantry Division finally reached the left bank of the Grande Honnelle river they were unable to cross due to heavy enemy fire from the wooded slopes on the opposite bank, the Bois Caillouquibique d'Angre.
When troops of the 56th (London) Infantry Division crossed the river to the east of Angreau they were immediately driven back to the left bank by a counterattack from Bois de Beaufort.
Further north, men of the 56th Division crossed the Grande Honelle twice at Angre, reaching the high ground between Onnezies and Baisieux; again they were driven back by the enemy but managed to establish a bridgehead on the right bank of the river.
During the night the 63rd (Royal Naval) Division came forward from a welcome rest at St. Pol, in relief of the 168th Brigade, 56th Division, west of Bois d'Audregnies.
The 56th Division was then on a single brigade front, with the 11th Division on the right and the 63rd on the left.
To the north, the Canadian Corps had more success.
The 4th Canadian Division advanced through more favourable terrain, allowing the deployment of artillery that helped in the capture of Quievrechain on the French side of the river.
Pushing east, the Canadians crossed the border, forced a passage across the Grand Honelle between Angre and Quivrain, and went on to take part of the village of Baisieux, which lies on the sister river of La Petite Honnelle, about 1.5 miles north of Angre, where the 56th Division had made their bridgehead.
Baisieux would be a strategic loss for the Germans, posing a threat to their line of retreat from the attack of XXII Corps in the south.
This battle would be the last feat of arms of the 4th Canadian division in the war: during the night of 6-7 November the division was replaced by the 2nd Canadian Division.
Further north, beyond the Mons-Valenciennes railway line, the 3rd Canadian Division continued their advance between the River Escaut and the Mons-Conde canal, reaching the outskirts of the French village of Crespin.
Floating footbridges were established on the Aunelle and Honnelle rivers.
Major Dudley Ward describes the action from the perspective of the 56th Division:The German rearguards were only able, on especially favourable positions, to check the advance of a few divisions; on the whole the rearguards were being thrown back on the main retreating force.
The roads were packed with enemy troops and transport, and the real modern cavalry, the low-flying aeroplanes, swooped down on them, with bomb and machine gun spreading panic and causing the utmost confusion.
During the night of 6-7 November the 63rd Division was put into line on the front of the 168th Brigade, and the 169th was relieved by the 167th Brigade.
The 56th Division was then on a single brigade front, with the 11th Division on the right and the 63rd on the left.
At dawn on the 7th patrols found that the enemy was still in front of them, and at 9 a.m. the brigade attacked with the 8th Middlesex on the right and the 7th Middlesex on the left.
They swept on through the northern part of the wood, and by 10.30 a.m. the 7th Middlesex entered the village of Onnezies.
The Petite Honnelles River was crossed, and the village of Montignies taken in the afternoon.
But after the Bavai-Hensies Road was crossed, opposition stiffened, and both artillery and machine-gun fire became severe.
A line of outposts held the east of the road for the night.
The 7th and 8th Middlesex Regiments advanced through Onnezies, crossing the Petite Honnelle into Montigny.
The 2nd Canadian Division liberated the rest of Baisieux and the village of Elouges.
The 2nd and 3rd Canadian Division's released Quiévrain together and captured 500 prisoners.
The 3rd Canadian Division continued its progression and liberated La Croix et Hensies, while just before midnight the 2nd Division took the villages of Bois-de-Boussu, Petit Hornu, Bois-de-Epinois and a portion of Bois-de-Leveque.
In each village delivered, Canadian soldiers were warmly welcomed as liberators.
The troops then entered a densely populated area, where there were many mining villages.
They found themselves facing the German army which was retreating while carrying out delaying actions.
Meanwhile, rumours were already circulating that peace was imminent.
Major Dudley Ward continues his description:Explosions and fires, which were continually observed at night behind the enemy lines, were more numerous on the night of 7th/8th, and when the advance was continued at 8 a.m., the two Middlesex battalions occupied the villages of Athis and Fayt-le-Franc with practically no opposition.
By nightfall outposts were covering Petit Moranfayt, Trieu Jean Sart, Ferlibray, and Richon.
The road situation was worse than ever.
Railhead was at Aubigny-au-Bac, and supply lorries were unable to proceed any farther than the Honnelle River owing to the destruction of the bridges.
Rain fell all the time, and cross-country tracts were impassable.
All traffic was thrown on the main roads, which, to the west of the river, were now in such a state that all supplies were late.
Arrangements were made for aeroplanes to drop food to the advance troops, but fortunately this was found unnecessary.
The enemy was now in full retreat on the whole of the British front.
To the south the Guards Division entered Maubeuge, and to the north the Canadians were approaching Mons.
The 56th Division marched forward through the villages of Coron, Rieu-de-Bury, Quevy-le-Grand, and Quevy-le-Petit, and by the evening were on the line of the Mons-Maubeuge road behind a line of outposts held by the 1st London Regt.
Although the main attack on the 6th had not been a total success for the allied forces, General Horne's First Army had established bridgeheads across the Grande Honnelle and threatened the retreat of the German army via Baisieux.
As day became night, the evening patrols soon discovered that the enemy had indeed begun a retreat, meeting little opposition along the length of the First Army's front.
During the night, the 56th Division crossed the Grande Honnelle, occupying the high ground northeast of Angre - unlike the actions during the previous day when they were twice forced to retreat from the same region, this advance went unopposed, setting the tone for the next few days.
The advance was now continuous and almost unopposed by enemy infantry; however, isolated machine-gun detachments and sporadic artillery fire continued to cause casualties as what had been a battle became a pursuit.
As Horne had predicted, the progress of the advance was mainly governed by the state of the roads, and the ability to get rations to the forward troops.
The Canadian troops reached Mons late on the night of 10 November and on the morning of 11 November, having fought seven major battles, Horne's First Army entered Mons, where the first battle of the war had taken place in 1914.
The order of battle for this phase of the final advance included units of General Horne's First Army and General Byng's Third Army.
Rahīmī
The Rahīmī was a 17th-century Indian trade vessel.
It was owned by the mother of the Mughal emperor Jahangir, Mariam-uz-Zamani.
It was one of the largest ships of its time and could be, as recorded by a subordinate of sir Henry Middleton, easily identified from miles away.
It mainly acted as a Hajj ship and could carry 1000–1500 pilgrims at a time, though it also carried various Indian commodities for trading.
Its home port was the western Indian city of Surat
The ship was captured by the Portuguese in the year 1613, despite having the necessary pass issued by the Portuguese themselves that guaranteed protection to it.
This act of piracy by the Portuguese caused an unusually severe outcry at the Mughal court.
When it became clear that the Portuguese did not plan to return the ship, Emperor Jahangir, whose mother owned the "Rahīmī", ordered the seizure of Daman, which was a Portuguese possession in India, halting of all traffic through the port of Surat, closure of the Jesuit church in Agra and also deprived the Portuguese priests of the allowances to which they had formerly been entitled.
The Rahīmī was burned by the Portuguese in Goa on 16 December 1614.
Titauli
Titauli (Hindi: टिटौली) is a village in Salarpur block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
The village is administrated by Gram panchayat.
Its village code is 128265.
According to 2011 Census of India, the total population of the village is 1,749, out of 955 are males and 794 are females.
List of Catholic pilgrimage sites in Lithuania
There are many Catholic pilgrimage sites in Lithuania.
There is no official list or designation of the sites.
The government established the Pilgrim Route of John Paul II (16 sites) in 2007 though there are many more sites that attract local pilgrims.
There are many sites visited by residents of the same parish or deanery, or sites that saw their devotion diminish through the years.
Priest Robertas Gedvydas Skrinskas in his 1999 guide to pilgrimage sites counted more than 100 Marian images that are considered miraculous and 25 sites of Marian apparitions.
As of 2013, there were 33 Lourdes grottoes in Lithuania, mainly in Samogitia.
The list below includes only the key sites that continue to be visited by pilgrims.
Catholic pilgrimage sites in Lithuania started developing in the 17th century.
Such delayed development was caused by the late Christianization of Lithuania in 1387 and the slow adoption of Christianity among the population that still worshiped pagan gods.
The first known pilgrimage took place in 1604 when Bishop organized a Jesuit pilgrimage from Vilnius to the Mother of God of Trakai.
Šiluva became a pilgrimage destination after a Marian apparition in 1608 – the only recognized apparition in Lithuania.
The first cavalries in Žemaičių Kalvarija and Verkiai (Vilnius) were built in 1637–1642 and 1662–1669.
Vilnius attracted pilgrims not only with the Calvary, but also with the relics of Saint Casimir in Vilnius Cathedral (dedicated Chapel of Saint Casimir was completed in 1636) and Our Lady of the Gate of Dawn (dedicated chapel was completed in 1671).
Many pilgrims traveled not to visit specific sites but to get an indulgence during parish festivals ().
During the Soviet anti-religious campaign in 1958–1964, the authorities of the Lithuanian SSR took active measures to hinder the pilgrims and destroy several pilgrimage sites – chapels of Verkiai and were demolished while crosses were removed from the Hill of Crosses.
After the Lithuania regained independence in 1990, many sites were repaired or reconstructed or new chapels were built (e.g.
and at the sites of Marian apparitions in 1962 and 1967).
In 1993, during his visit to Lithuania, Pope John Paul II visited several key pilgrimage sites, including the Gate of Dawn, Hill of Crosses, and Šiluva.
In 2007, for the 15th anniversary of his visit, Lithuanian bishops and Lithuanian government established a pilgrim route of Pope John Paul II with 14 sites; two more sites were added in 2009.
The route includes Šiauliai Cathedral and Christ's Resurrection Church, Kaunas due to their architectural and historical significance.
In 2013, several Municipalities of Lithuania established several routes inspired by Camino de Santiago (St. James Way) that connect different churches of St. James in different regions of Lithuania.
Johannes Patz
Ulrik Fredrik Johannes Patz (born July 3, 1993 in Skellefteå) is a Swedish curler.
He is a 2014 European mixed curling champion and a two-time Swedish mixed curling champion (2014, 2017).
Johannes Patz from well knowh Swedish family of curlers, which includes his father Flemming (who is also a coach, his aunt (Flemming's sister) Susanne, and his uncle (Flemming's brother) Rickard Hallström (also a coach).
Walter Ormeño
José Francisco Walter Ormeño Arango (3 December 1926 – 4 January 2020) was a Peruvian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Born in Lima, Ormeño played for Universitario de Deportes, Huracán de Medellín, Mariscal Sucre, Boca Juniors, Rosario Central, Alianza Lima, América and Atlante.
He also played for the Peruvian national team between 1949 and 1957, including playing at the 1949 South American Championship.
After retiring as a player he worked for a number of clubs in Mexico.
He died on 4 January 2020, aged 93.
Candidates of the 1968 Western Australian state election
This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1968 Western Australian state election, held on 23 March 1968.
Sitting members are shown in bold text.
Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour.
Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Sitting members are shown in bold text.
Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour.
Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Gauramai
Gauramai (Hindi: गौरामई) is a village in Qadar Chowk Block, Budaun district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Its village code is 128624.
The village is administrated by Gram Panchayat.
Budaun railway station is 21 KMs away from the village.
According to 2011 Census of India, the total population of the village is 2,845, out of 1,501 are males and 1,344 are females.
Paul Barbato
Paul Barbato (Born 7 June 1987) is an American filmmaker, best known for being the founder and the host of the YouTube channel Geography Now, a channel which tries to profile every UN-member country.
As of January 2020, the channel has over 1.97 million subscribers and over 221 million views.
Paul Barbato was born on the 7th of June, 1987 in Minnesota, United States to a father of Half-Korean and Half-Italian heritage and to a mother of Half-Korean and Half-Irish and French heritage.
He grew up in Chicago, and he currently lives in Los Angeles.
Paul Barbato started his first YouTube channel in 2009.
This channel mainly revolved around him speaking foreign languages.
As of January 2020, his channel has over 37,000 subscribers and over 5.33 million views.
Paul Barbato started the Geography Now channel in August 2014, however activity and promotion of the channel didn't start until October, where he released two videos on both his old Paul Barbato and his new Geography Now channel explaining his fresh idea of creating videos about every UN-member country in the world and his feelings about it.
In 2018 Barbato visited the Gruening Middle School in Anchorage, Alaska to host a 'Geograbee' in the school
The reception to Paul's work on Geography Now has been mostly positive.
The YoungPost section of the South China Morning Post ranked Geography Now as one of the 7 best YouTube channels that will improve grades.
Japan Today made an article praising his Japan episode.
China Tower
China Tower Corporation Limited (), China Tower in short form, is a state-owned telecommunication company in providing telecommunication tower construction, tower maintenance, ancillary facilities management, and other services through Mainland China.
China Tower was established in July 2014 by merging the telecom tower businesses among China's three telecom giants - China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, which are customers and shareholders of China Tower.
It was listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 8 August 2018 at a price of HK$1.26 per share which raised US$6.9 billion.
Athletics at the 1989 Summer Universiade – Men's decathlon
The men's decathlon event at the 1989 Summer Universiade was held at the Wedaustadion in Duisburg on 26 and 27 August 1989.
Handkerchief vote
The handkerchief vote (Hungarian: "zsebkendőszavazás") was a parliamentary vote which took place on 18 November 1904 in the Diet of Hungary.
The Austro-Hungarian compromise and its supporting parliamentary parties remained bitterly unpopular among the ethnic Hungarian voters, and the continuous successes of the pro-compromise Liberal Party in the Hungarian parliamentary elections caused long lasting frustration among Hungarian voters.
The ethnic minorities had the key-role in the political maintenance of the compromise in Hungary, because they were able to vote the pro-compromise liberal parties into the position of the majority/ruling parties of the Hungarian parliament.
The pro-compromise liberal parties were the most popular among ethnic minority voters, however the Slovak-Serb-Romanian minority parties have remained unpopular among the ethnic minorities.
The nationalist Hungarian parties - which were supported by the overwhelming majority of ethnic Hungarian voters - have always remained in the opposition.
The only short exception was the 1906-1910 period, where the Hungarian supported nationalist parties could form government.
The Liberal Party had been ruling Hungary for almost 30 years with an iron hand and at the service of the Hungarian elite.
The opposition responded to this alleged injustice with so-called "obstruction" or filibustering with the aim of stopping or delaying the adoption of new legislation.
The Széll Government managed to temporarily break through this obstruction in 1902 by concluding an agreement with the opposition parties, but from 1903 the opposition re-applied the obstruction.
When István Tisza became prime minister in 1903, these opposition protests were cracked down.
He also insisted on a change in the house rules of the House of Representatives, the lower house of the Diet, in order to deal with the obstruction.
After a speech by István Tisza on 18 November 1904, a representative of the Liberal Party, Gábor Daniel, submitted a motion to change the house rules of the House of Representatives.
This motion implied that the competences of the opposition were curtailed and had to put an end to the obstruction.
During the following commotion, the President of the House of Representatives, Dezső Perczel, suddenly declared that the proposal had been adopted and that the session was suspended.
The testimonies of what had happened exactly varied, but it is believed that President Perczel had silently called for the proposal to be immediately voted on, waving a handkerchief as a sign for the Liberal Party representatives to say "yes" to vote.
Hence the name "handkerchief vote".
This manoeuvre caused much commotion and Kálmán Széll and Gyula Andrássy left the Liberal Party to join the opposition.
When the parliamentary session was resumed on 13 December 1904, the opposition persisted in its obstruction and the mood rose to such an extent that the furniture of the House of Representatives was even destroyed and order services were attacked with the furniture.
Other delegates such as Gyula Wlassics, Pál Teleki and Miklós Bánffy also left the Liberal Party.
Initially, under the leadership of Gyula Andrássy, they called themselves the "Dissidents" and joined the united opposition, the "Coalition," in the 1905 elections.
After the elections, some of them founded the National Constitution Party.
The 1905 elections meant a big loss for the Liberal Party and a big win for the united opposition, but nevertheless King Franz Joseph left the Tisza Government in office for a few months.
Eventually the king appointed a new government under the leadership of the officer Géza Fejérváry, who did not have a parliamentary majority.
In this respect, the handkerchief vote eventually led to the Hungarian crisis of 1905-1906.
After about a third of the Liberal Party deputies left the party during the Hungarian crisis, the Liberal Party was finally dissolved in 1906.
Eventually, the remaining ones established the National Party of Work in 1910.
Pouya Rahmani
Pouya Rahmani (, born July 27, 1992 in Amol) is an Iranian wrestler who competes in Beach wrestling field.
Pouya Rahmani is the first gold medalist in Iran's sport history at the World Beach Games, won a gold medal at the 2019 World Beach Games in Doha.
In less than four hours, he defeated six opponents, who led the admiration of Nenad Lalović, chairman of the United World Wrestling.
Gold medal 2017, Dalyan, Turkey:
Pouya Rahmani defeated his opponent at final +90 kg and earned gold medal.
Gold medal 2019, Doha, Qatar:
At the 90+ Kg competition of the beach wrestling, in Group A, Rahmani was able to pass over Ufuk Yilmaz of Turkey 3-0.
In next battle, he defeated Jose Albino of Brazil 4-0.
In the third fight, he defeated Diante Cooper of US 3-0 and then Ionnis Kargiotakis of Greece 3-1 and as first one advanced to semi-final.
Rahmani at the semi final, passed over of Oyan Nazariani of Armenia 3-0 and went to final.
At the final stage, again, he defeated Yilmaz of Turkey 3-0 and brought the first gold medal in the Iranian convoy.
Official profile of Rahmani at ANOC World Beach Games portal
Jack Shook
Jack Shook (born Loren Shook; September 11, 1910 – September 23, 1986) was an American guitarist and a Grand Ole Opry star.
He was a native of Decatur, Illinois.
He was raised in Kansas and Missouri.
He started at WSM, Nashville as a staff musician in 1934 and headed the Missouri Mountaineers on the Grand Ole Opry during the later part of the 1930s.
He played guitar with many jazz and pop acts of his day including Kate Smith, Bob Crosby, Paul Whiteman and others.
In 1939, the Missouri Mountaineers were one of the first Opry acts to be on the NBC Opry radio show called "The Prince Albert Show".
Shook served in the army during the 1940s and then returned to Nashville to form Jack, Nap and Dee along with singer Dee Simmons.
He was a left handed guitarist and was one of the originators of the Nashville sound style of recording.
In 1950, he released the title "Written Guarantee" with Owen Bradley and His Quintet.
Covers by Shook included "Birmingham Bounce, Give Me a Little Old Fashioned Love, Goodnight Irene, I'm Moving on, Mule Bookie, Say When, There's a Little White House", and "Wabash Blues".
Shook retired from WSM in 1982 and died in Donelson Hospital of cancer in 1986.
He was inducted into the Grand Ole Opry on February 2, 1935.
Shook died of cancer on September 23, 1986 in Nashville, Tennessee.
12 Characters in Search of an Apocalypse: On the Road
12 Characters in Search of an Apocalypse: On the Road is a travelling interactive performance of the collection of essays entitled 12 Characters in Search of an Apocalypse by USA author Andrew Boyd published in 2017.
The essays have been described as a "Vagina Monologues for the apocalypse".
A UK group working with Wales-based Community Interest Company Giraffe Social Enterprises began a travelling roadshow that used the Characters as a focus for encouraging communities to discuss how they are being affected by the Climate Emergency and called the roadshow 12 Characters in Search of an Apocalypse: On the Road.
The essay "12 Characters in Search of an Apocalypse" was written by United States author Andrew Boyd and published April 2017 in issue 11 of "The Dark Mountain Project".
The title is a reference to the absurdist play "Six Characters in Search of an Author" by Luigi Pirandello.
The 12 independent sections of the essay are each told from viewpoint of a very different person, living in the USA - "as diverse as America itself."
Andrew has described these as "Characters," "Sketches", or "A slice of inner life."
Boyd performed some of the Characters at the launch party for Dark Mountain Issue 11 held at Wild Goose Space in Bristol on 12 May 2017.
The essays are part of the larger project "I Want a Better Catastrophe" due out in early 2020.
As of December 2019, the essay has been translated into German, Arabic, Romanian, French, and Spanish.
In August 2017, a group from Giraffe Social Enterprises, a community interest company in Wales, began a travelling performance of the monologues to encourage community-wide conversations about the challenge of climate change.
"12 Characters in Search of an Apocalypse ...On the Road" has been performed venues as diverse as private homes, festivals, cafes, hacker conventions, intentional communities, and Quaker centers.
Because of significant amount of audience participation each gathering is distinct, depending on the combination of organizers, participants, and place.
The first publicly advertised gathering happened in a private home on Kent Road in Portsmouth.
Others have taken place at festivals, cafes, empty warehouses, and the largest yet took place on 4 December 2018 at the Woodbrooke Quaker Centre in Birmingham had 45 participants from 12 different countries and ranging from 4 to 70 years of age.
An organizer of "On the Road" describes the events as gatherings rather than performances or plays: "We've called them 'Gatherings' because we haven't found a more descriptive label that fits.
They are half performances (we read the monologues and people listen for 45 minutes) and half conversations (in between every 3rd monologue there are interludes for neighbors to share with one another and after the readings are finished there is 90 minutes for an open hosted conversation).
Currently my focus is learning how to assist people to share candidly and listen vulnerably during the conversation."
The first trial performance happened in Norfolk in August 2017 and the first public performance happened on 13 October 2017, in Portsmouth.
There have been 20+ gatherings in Wales, England, and Scotland to date with most events taking place in private homes, some in cafes and at schools Ysgol Dewi Sant, in Wales.
Since the translation of the Characters was added to the Open Source Transifex translation site, the event began to spread internationally.
And as of January 2020 there have been gatherings hosted in the USA, Germany, Spain, Romania, Austria, and Australia.
In May 2018, activists from the eXtinction Rebellion participated at a gathering in Bristol and were inspired by the performances.
They began to use "12 Characters in Search of an Apocalypse" alongside their normal information talks as a way of inspiring people to be concerned about the dire state of human culture's current trajectory.
The 23 October 2018 gathering in Glastonbury is the only known gathering hosted by eXtinction Rebellion team.
Boyd is writing a book called "I Want a Better Catastrophe: 69 Paradoxes for Surviving the 21st Century", which will include the "12 Characters" essay and is intended to be published early 2020.
Andrew Boyd refers to the individual sections of the essay as "Characters" or "perspectives" or "slices of inner life".
Each is a unique, narrow viewpoint of how a particular individual alive in 2017 experiences climate change.
The original 12 characters published in Dark Mountain issue 11 are all extremely USA-centric and they all believe climate change is real and that it is a critical problem.
Only the Character "If it gets too bad, God will intervene" released as one of the seven additional Characters doesn't believe that climate change is a serious problem.
The original "Characters" included in the Dark Mountain publication were:
Andrew Boyd published a further 7 "Characters" on his website in 2018:
Local Route 37 (South Korea)
Local Route 37 Namwon–Geochang Line () is a local route of South Korea that connecting Namwon , South Jeolla Province to Geochang County, South Gyeongsang Province.
This route was established on 25 August 2001.
IS: Intersection, IC: Interchange
Angele Giuliano
Angele Giuliano (born 30 January 1976) is a Maltese businesswoman and president of the Maltese Foundation for Women Entrepreneurs.
Giuliano has been CEO and Managing Director at AcrossLimits since 2001, as well as an expert evaluator for the European Commission.
She is also a business angel engaged in mentoring start-ups and entrepreneurs in Malta and internationally.
Giuliano was born in Hamrun, the youngest of three sisters.
After finishing her secondary education, she went on to study business and computing at the University of Malta.
She later read for a Masters in Innovation and Creativity at the Edward de Bono for the Design and Development of Thinking.
After graduating Giuliano was invited to become a visiting lecturer at the University of Malta, tutoring students on eCommerce, business and technology.
In 2001, Giuliano founded AcrossLimits Ltd, an SME providing services in the fields of consultancy, research and IT development, and project management.
As CEO and Managing Director of the company, Giuliano has developed eHealth and eLearning applications, consulted for a number of large public and private organisations on business innovation and internationalisation, and contributed to policy documents and white papers for clients including the European Parliament.
Additionally, Giuliano has developed and managed a number of research and innovation projects with an array of European partners, and provides professional online development courses under the TrainingMalta brand.
Giuliano has acted as an expert evaluator for the European Directorate-General for Research and Innovation, the Ministry of Education, University and Research (Italy), the Cyprus Research and Innovation Foundation and the Malta Council for Science and Technology.
She has also continued to lecture at the University of Malta.
Giuliano has published a number of papers on technology, most recently on entry-points into STEM fields for young people, and contributed to books on technology and education.
Besides her position at AcrossLimits, Giuliano is also a business angel at Go Beyond Investing and Rising Tide 1 Female Investment Group.
In this role, she evaluates business pitches relating to start-ups and scale-ups for the European market.
Giuliano is President of the Foundation for Women Entrepreneurs.
In this role she has lobbied for better representation of women in the business world, particularly in Malta and in Europe.
She has also acted as an expert and panelist for a number of panels on European women in business, and had strong links with the European Institute for Gender Equality.
Giuliano has long been involved in business mentoring and giving advice to prospective entrepreneurs.
She acts to encourage women to take up IT and enter into business, something which she has pursued as an Ambassador for the eSkills Malta Foundation, as a rapporteur in European Commission workshops on women in IT and through interviews in the press.
Giuliano has received a number of honours in the business field.
In 1998 she was the winner of the EuroMed Multimedia Award, heading a team of 15 people.
In 2009, she launched the SME Week in Brussels with the then-Commissioner for Enterprise and Industry, Günter Verheugen.
In 2018, she was the winner of the Malta Innovation Summit Award for the social enterprise iSmart.
Giuliano lives with her partner Antti Heikkilä and her son in Hamrun, Malta.
AcrossLimits Official Website
TrainingMalta Official Website
Patz
Patz or Pätz is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
2004 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia
The 2004 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia was a men's tennis tournaments played on outdoor clay courts in Palermo, Italy that was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour.
It was the 26th edition of the tournament and was held from 27 September until 3 October 2004.
Eighth-seeded Tomáš Berdych won the singles title.
Tomáš Berdych defeated Filippo Volandri 6–3, 6–3
Lucas Arnold Ker / Mariano Hood defeated Gastón Etlis / Martín Rodríguez 7–5, 6–2
1958 Colorado gubernatorial election
The 1958 Colorado gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1958.
Incumbent Democrat Stephen McNichols defeated Republican nominee Palmer Burch with 58.41% of the vote.
Primary elections were held on September 9, 1958.
The Arches, Norfolk Island
The Arches is a heritage-listed ruin at Rocky Point Road in the former settlement of Longridge in the Australian territory of Norfolk Island.
It was added to the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004.
A substantial agricultural station was developed at Longridge during the Second Settlement of Norfolk Island (1825-1855), during which time it was used as a penitentiary for doubly-convicted British felons.
During the 1830s and 40s large gaols and barracks were built at Kingston and Longridge together with the buildings necessary for the storage of crops and other goods.
Longridge was established about nine months after the beginning of the Second Settlement in 1825.
The lands here were used for corn and wheat growing and pig-raising, and had been used for some farming during the First Settlement period.
Longridge became a complex of farm buildings, barracks, barns and yards, and by 1846 there were 35 structures here.
The Arches, was erected after 1846 because it is not shown on the map by Mountney.
It was built near the Prisoners' Barracks No 2.
In 1966 the Commonwealth obtained the portion on which the building stands from members of the Brancher Nobbs family.
The surviving sections of the building consist of stone walling, the main wall having ten arches, with another series of openings above the arches.
The rest of the structure is understood to have been constructed of timber.
On the southern side there was a hipped roof, with eaves a little above the window heads.
Internal floor levels, and the way in which rooms were arranged, is not known.
Although the building is said by some to have been a prisoners' barrack, this is not confirmed, and may be a confusion with the Prisoners' Barracks No 2.
There is a possibility that the building was used to store or load carts with farm produce, was used as stables, or that grain may have been stored in the building.
There is a large drain at one end, and this is seen as evidence for the building's agricultural purposes.
The scale and design of the building are intriguing as they reflect a level of extravagance not often seen in penal settlements (Port Arthur being the primary exception).
The building commands a view of a lush valley which evidently was the site of an old garden.
The ruined building, on account of its large size and dramatic appearance and its ability to evoke the past, is of notable aesthetic value in the Longridge landscape.
It is close to a number of surviving buildings outside of the heritage boundary, including a former cookhouse and a ration store and bakehouse, and Branka House, as well as plants introduced during the First and Second Settlement periods, including red cedar, citrus trees, banana trees and a Moreton Bay Fig.
The building was mortared over much of its surface around 1962 and was still stable in 1984.
By 2002 it was considered unstable and cracks were evident.
The top section of the north wall is missing.
The Arches was listed on the Australian Commonwealth Heritage List on 22 June 2004 on the following basis:
The ruined building known as The Arches, at Longridge, dates from the 1840s and is historically highly significant.
It is directly associated with the Second Settlement of Norfolk Island, when the Island became a prison for re-offending convicts.
It is this harsh period which predominates in the Australian public's perception of Norfolk's history.
Longridge was a major agricultural station on the Island at the time, and the building, constructed toward the end of the Second Settlement, was evidently an important part of the station's agricultural infrastructure.
The building, with its substantial stone walling and its ten large arches and other openings, is of a scale and design which is intriguing as it reflects a level of extravagance not often seen in penal settlements.)
The ruined building, on account of its large size and dramatic appearance and its ability to evoke a sense of the past in onlookers, is of notable aesthetic value in the Longridge landscape.
Hemionitis
Hemionitis is a genus of ferns in the subfamily Cheilanthoideae of the family Pteridaceae.
Its circumscription varies greatly in different systems of fern classification.
In the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I), it is one of more than 20 genera in the subfamily Cheilanthoideae, and is said to have five species.
Other sources treat it as the only genus in the subfamily, and so accept about 450 species.
With the restricted circumscription, species are native to tropical America.
The genus "Hemionitis" was first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753.
The genus name is pre-Linnaean, being used for example in the "Hortus Cliffortianus", and derives from the Greek word (), meaning 'mule', referring to the belief that the plants were sterile.
(Linnaeus used the same word in the name ""Asplenium hemionitis"".)
The division of the subfamily Cheilanthoideae into genera varies greatly between sources .
Christenhusz et al.
(2011), the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I), and the "Checklist of Ferns and Lycophytes of the World" divide the subfamily into 20 or more genera, of which one is "Hemionitis" sensu stricto.
On the other hand, Christenhusz et al.
(2018) and "Plants of the World Online" use "Hemionitis" sensu lato as a catch-all genus for the subfamily, resulting in about 450 species.
Using the PPG I approach, , the "Checklist of Ferns and Lycophytes of the World" accepted the following species (and one hybrid) in "Hemionitis" sensu stricto.
All are native to tropical America.
2019 Prime Minister Cup
The 2019 Prime Minister Cup was the third edition of Prime Minister One Day Cup, which featured 10 teams.
Manipuri Guardians of the Directions
In Manipuri religion and Manipuri mythology, the
Guardians of the directions refers to the deities who rule the specific directions of space according to Sanamahism.
There are mainly ten Guardians of the directions in Manipuri mythology.
These are the following:
According to Manipuri mythology, before the creation of the universe, there were four deities who guard four realms.
These are the following:
These four deities guardians guard the four main directions before the creation of the universe.
However, the following deities are also added to the guardianship of the directions after the creation of the universe:
The Manipuri directional deities have their Hindu equivalents.
The following are as follows:
Lorene Derenty
Lorene Derenty (born 4 September 1994) is a French water polo player.
She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2017 World Aquatics Championships.
Casa del Blanco
Pago Casa del Blanco is a Spanish winery in Castilla–La Mancha, Spain.
The winery uses the Vino de Pago wine appellation, a classification for Spanish wine applied to individual vineyards or wine estates, unlike the Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) or Denominación de Origen Calificada (DOCa) which is applied to an entire wine region.
The Pago Casa del Blanco winery was formed as a Vino de Pago in 2003, and geographically it lies within the extent of the La Mancha DOP.
The winery in fact sells wine under the Vino de Pago appellation as Pago Casa del Blanco, and under the I.G.P.
"Vino de la Tierra de Castilla" appellation.
Karl Heinrich Seibt
Karl Heinrich Seibt (21 March 1735 - 2 April 1806) was a pioneering German catholic theologian and teacher.
Karl Heinrich von Seibt was born in Mariental (Oberlausitz), a long-established settlement on the banks of the Neisse river at the northern frontier of Bohemia, which at that time (and by many criteria till 1945) was culturally and linguistically German.
At the time of his birth his father was a "Klostersekretär" (monastery administrator) working for the monastery around which the little village clustered, and at which, according to some sources, Karl Heinrich was born.
He received his first formal education the monastery, before moving on for an education in "the humanities" at the Piarist Gymnasium (secondary school) run by the monks at Kosmanos a short distance to the south of his home village.
It was probably in 1751 that he entered Prague University where between 1751 and 1753 the focus of his studies was on Philosophy.
Between 1753 and 1756 he concentrated on the study of Jurisprudence.
According to one source it was because he was troubled by the extent to which Prague University was dominated by Jesuits that in 1756 he switched to Leipzig University, now studying (again) Philosophy and Philology (German, French and English).
At Leipzig Seibt studied History, Philosophy and Aesthetics.
He was powerfully influenced by two leading representatives of the German enlightenment; the poet-rhetorician Christian Fürchtegott Gellert (1715-1769) and the (at the time) widely revered writer Johann Christoph Gottsched (1700-1766).
Between 1756 and 1760 Leipzig came under Prussian military occupation in the context of the Seven Years' War.
The soldiers presumably brought disruption and plague to the city: students stayed away and Seibt eventually returned to Prague.
By 1762 he was delivering lectures at Prague's , a training institution for preparing Catholic priests.
The lectures were unpaid.
According to one source he delivered them out of love for his homeland and of lecturing.
The empress was known to take a close personal interest in education reform, and it appears to have been in response to a personal approach by Seibt to Maria Theresa herself in January 1763 Seibt was offered an appointment backed by the University Commission and the Philosophy Directorate to take a post at Prague University as professor of "Fine Arts and Humanities" (""...der schönen Wissenschaften"") at the University Philosophy Faculty.
His extraordinary professorship was confirmed that same year through a decree dated 19 November.
"The Fine Arts and Humanities" which he now taught at Prague encompassed Ethics, Education Sciences, German style along with History and related topics.
Seibt organised his classes into four cohorts.
He represented a new generation, influenced by enlightenment thinking which many still found unnerving, but which in the Holy Roman Empire enjoyed strong support from the empress and from her equally formidable Prussian rival.
Seibt was one of the first at Prague University to deliver his lectures in German (rather than simply in Latin), and he also saw to it that students became familiar with (at the time) revolutionary ideas coming out of France England and Scotland.
He introduced them to the works and ideas of Pope, Gottsched, Gellert, Shakespeare and Charles Rollin, along with contemporaries such as David Hume and Charles Batteux.
One of Seibt's first known published works, which appeared in 1765, was a funeral oration celebrating Francis I, who died in August of that year.
The 1773 suppression of the Jesuits by the pope took effect relatively promptly in the Habsburg lands and removed a hitherto important source of conservative resistance to enlightenment secularism in the world of catholic education.
In 1775 Karl Heinrich Seibt took over the directorship of the Philosophy faculty at the university, also becoming director of no fewer than three secondary schools (""Gymnasia"") in the city.
In January 1783, Seibt was elected to serve a term as university rector.
In the end - unusually - he served a double (two year) term.
In 1785 he took over a full professorship in Theology and Philosophy, while surrendering his professorship embracing Ethics and Classical Literature which was taken on by August Gottlieb Meißner, the first Protestant to take a teaching post at the university for nearly 150 years.
In 1796 Seibt took over as Dean of the Philosophy Faculty.
In 1794, Seibt was elevated to the knighthood in recognition of his services to education.
Karl Heinrich Seibt became Karl Heinrich von Seibt.
He retired from his professorship and other appointments in 1801, the importance of his contribution to the development of teaching at the university widely acknowledged by colleagues.
He remained in Prague, and died there on 2 April 1806.
identifies Seibt as one of the most important and influential thinkers under the Habsburg Monarchy of the Enlightened absolutism period.
By refusing to conduct his lectures in Latin he greatly stimulated the arts and culture in Prague.
Seibt exercised a strong influence on the successor generation of academics and philosophers in Bohemia, including Josef Dobrovský.
By the end of the nineteenth century the abandonment of Latin as a universal language for the multi-ethnic Habsburg lands was leading not to its replacement with German but to the increased application of a series of regional languages such as (in Bohemia) Czech, and across the border to the north various Sorbian dialects.
2000 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia
The 2000 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia was a men's tennis tournaments played on outdoor clay courts in Palermo, Italy that was part of the International Series of the 2000 ATP Tour.
It was the 22nd edition of the tournament and was held from 25 September until 1 October 2000.
Unseeded Olivier Rochus won the singles title.
Olivier Rochus defeated Diego Nargiso 7–6, 6–1
Tomás Carbonell / Martín García defeated Pablo Albano / Marc-Kevin Goellner walkover
Salah al-Qadhi
Salah al-Qadhi (,born in Al Anbar Governorate – 24 May 1982) was an Iraqi regular military officer.
He served as Major general of the 3rd Armored Corps during Iran–Iraq War.
He was executed after the Iraqi army defeat at Khorramshahr in 1982.
Audrey Daule
Audrey Daule (born 6 May 1993) is a French water polo player.
She was a member of the France women's national water polo team at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.
Ernst Fritz Schmid
Ernst Fritz Schmid (7 March 1904 – 20 January 1960) was a German musicologist and Mozart scholar.
Born in Tübingen, Schmid was the son of Wilhelm Schmid from Graz and grandson of Karl Emil Kauffmann.
Initially, Schmid studied violin, viola and viola d'amore at the Akademie der Tonkunst in Munich from 1924 to 1927 and was also active as a violist in Düsseldorf in 1927.
He then studied musicology in Freiburg, Tübingen and Vienna.
He received his doctorate in 1929 and his habilitation in 1934.
From 1935 to 1937 he was "Extraordinarius" for Musicology at the University of Tübingen and its University music director.
Around 1937 he was robbed of his position by the National Socialists and initially worked as choir director in the southern German communities of Amorbach and Miltenberg as well as in Augsburg until he was enlisted as a soldier in 1940.
During the war he married Lotte Köbele from Munich in 1942, with whom he had three sons.
Schmid is the father of the Tübingen professor emeritus and Mozart researcher Manfred Hermann Schmid.
Since 1945, at Schmid's suggestion, classical concerts have been held in the Ottobeuren Abbey and in the Kaisersaal there in the series "Ottobeurer Konzerte", partly with world-famous conductors such as Herbert von Karajan and Leonard Bernstein.
Although Schmid was one of the most important co-founders of the in 1951 and was one of the supporting institutions of the Neue Mozart-Ausgabe, there was no employment for him until the 1950s.
It was not until 1958 that he was able to buy his own apartment in Augsburg.
Schmid was considered to be an internationally recognized Mozart expert and was one of the most important pioneers and collaborators of the Neue Mozart-Ausgabe and its first edition director from 1954-1960.
In his work, however, he also devoted himself to numerous other areas of musicology, including in particular Joseph Haydn and his complete edition.
On the occasion of his death the brochure In memoriam Ernst Fritz Schmid (1904-1960): ein Gedenkblatt für seine Angehörigen und Freunde" was published.
In 1957 Schmid was a founding member of the .
Schmid died in Augsburg at age 55.
Miyuu Aoki
Miyuu Aoki (born 8 July 1993) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2017 World Championships, 2017 Summer Universiade, and 2018 Asian Games.
2020 PGA Tour Champions season
The 2020 PGA Tour Champions season is the 41st in which PGA Tour Champions, a golf tour for men age 50 and over, has operated.
The tour officially began in 1980 as the Senior PGA Tour.
The following table shows the official money events for the 2020 season.
"Date" is the ending date of the tournament.
The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they will have on the tour up to and including that event.
Senior majors are shown in bold.
^ – unofficial event
Palmer Burch
Palmer Burch (March 7, 1907 – June 28, 1990) was an American politician who served as the Treasurer of Colorado from 1971 to 1975.
He previously served in the Colorado House of Representatives from 1947 to 1949 and from 1951 to 1959 and from 1961 to 1971.
1999 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia
The 1999 Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia was a men's tennis tournaments played on outdoor clay courts in Palermo, Italy that was part of the World Series of the 1999 ATP Tour.
It was the 21st edition of the tournament and was held from 4 October until 10 October 1999.
Unseeded Arnaud di Pasquale won the singles title.
Arnaud di Pasquale defeated Alberto Berasategui 6–1, 6–3
Mariano Hood / Sebastián Prieto defeated Lan Bale / Alberto Martín 6–3, 6–1
Esther Jones (singer)
Esther Jones (February 2, 1945 - December 8, 2006) was an American soul singer and choreographer, best known as the "longest-lasting Ikette" in the Ike & Tina Turner Revue.
In the 1980s, she was the lead vocalist in the band Formula 5.
Esther Faye Jones was born on February 2, 1945 in El Paso, Texas to Luchie and Carrie Bills.
Growing up in Midland, she sang in church, played percussion and won competitions as a twirler.
After she graduated from Carver High School in 1964, she joined a group called the B-29ers and Arty Tolliver as a vocalist.
In 1969, Jones auditioned to become an Ikette and was hired on the spot.
While most Ikettes didn't last long, Jones was one of the constant members until the end of the Ike & Tina Turner Revue in 1976.
At one point, she had briefly quit when Ike Turner fined her $15 for being late onstage, but because of her experience and leadership, Jones trained the other Ikettes and was referred to as "Motha" Ikette.
During her tenure as an Ikette she was responsible for most of the choreography.
Tina Turner described her as "the hardest worker and toughest dancer."
As an Ikette with Ike & Tina Turner, Jones opened for the Rolling Stones on their 1969 American tour.
She toured the world and performed at the 1971 "Soul to Soul" concert in Accra.
They were featured in the Isley Brothers concert film "It's Your Thing" (1970) and had a cameo in the Miloš Forman film "Taking Off" (1971).
While she was an Ikette, Jones lived in Los Angeles with her husband, while their three children lived in Texas with her grandparents.
In 1983, Jones released the single "Love Hour" with drummer-singer Tony Davis as Tony & Davis.
Jones fronted the soul funk band Formula 5 in the 1980s.
She released two albums, "Determination" (1985) and "On The Rise" (1986), with the band on Malaco Records.
In 1985, Jones performed at the San Francisco Blues Festival.
Jones moved back to Midland, Texas shortly after she had a stroke in 1992.
She also and suffered from multiple myeloma.
At age 60, she became a member of the West Texas Aphasia Center, which helps stroke victims learn to communicate.
On December 8, 2006, Jones died at the age of 61 at Hospice of Midland.
She was survived by her sons Blake Burton and Robert Bills.
Rikako Miura
Rikako Miura (born 13 October 1989) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 World Championships, and 2019 World Championships.
Joshua Hurlburt-Yu
Joshua Hurlburt-Yu (born 28 December 1994) is a Canadian badminton player.
Joshua was a gold medalist in the mixed doubles event at the 2019 Lima Pan American Games.
"Mixed doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
"Men's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
Yuri Kazama
Yuri Kazama (born 3 October 1996) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2017 World Championships,
Shino Magariyama
Shino Magariyama (born 20 September 1987) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games, 2015 World Championships, 2017 World Championships, and 2019 World Championships.
Mary G. Burdette
Mary G. Burdette (1842 - 1907) was an American Baptist teacher, preceptor, writer and missionary leader.
Burdette was born in Greensboro, Pennsylvania and grew up in Peoria, Illinois.
Robert J. Burdette was her brother.
She was the secretary for the Women's American Baptist Home Missionary Society.
In 1881, the society established the Baptist Missionary Training School and appointed Burdette its leader for the first six years.
She then became one of three women who administered the school.
She also edited the society's publication "Tidings" and traveled extensively in the U.S. for her work.
She wrote and edited several articles including "A Trip Through Indian Country" (1863), "Home Mission Lessons", "Sunlight Mission : sought, sound, opened", "Cuba : discovered, degraded, delivered (1911), "Twenty-two years' work among Mormons", "Work in Mexico : 1885-1905", and "Young women among blanket Indians (1895)."
The Mary G. Burdette Memorial Home, a gift of the Women's Baptist Missionary Society, was used as the National Training School for Girls in Washington.
Mercado station
Mercado is a Caracas Metro station on Line 3.
It was opened on 9 January 2010 on the section of the line between El Valle and La Rinconada, which was opened earlier without intermediate stations.
The station is located between Coche and La Rinconada.
Chiaki Sakanoue
Chiaki Sakanoue (born 20 September 1987) is a Japanese female water polo player who participated at the 2014 Asian Games, 2015 World Championships, 2017 World Championships, and 2019 World Championships.
Baja (plant)
Baja is a genus of ferns in the subfamily Cheilanthoideae of the family Pteridaceae with a single species Baja brandegeei, synonym Cheilanthes brandegeei.
The species is native to Baja California including the offshore Cedros Island, Mexico.
Hevia (surname)
Hevia is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Cambodia Bay Cycling Tour
The Cambodia Bay Cycling Tour is an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Cambodia since 2020.
The race is part of the UCI Asia Tour and was classified by the International Cycling Union (UCI) as a 2.2 category race.
The first edition was won by Laotian rider Ariya Phounsavath.
The leader of the overall general classification receives a yellow jersey.
There are also three other classifications.
The winner of the points classification (sprints) wears a green jersey, a red jersey for the winner of the mountain classification and a white jersey for the best young rider.
Brick Train
The Brick Train is a brick sculpture located on the outskirts of the town of Darlington, in the English county of Durham.
The scuplture was created by David Mach in 1997 to celebrate the town's railway heritage, and is modelled on the steam locomotive "Mallard", which set a UK rail speed record of in 1938.
The locomotive is depicted as if just having exited a tunnel, with the billowing smoke typical of such an exit.
The sculpture is situated adjacent to Morrisons supermarket in the Morton Park shopping area to the east of Darlington town and in the civil parish of Morton Palms.
A total of 185,000 Accrington Nori bricks were used in the sculpture's construction, and it is high and long, covering an area of .
It is hollow inside and special bricks provide gaps that enable bats to fly inside and roost.
The sculpture is visible from the nearby A66 road, and was officially unveiled by Lord Palumbo of Walbrook on 23 June 1997.
The work cost £760,000, which was provided by the National Lottery Heritage Fund along with smaller contributions from Darlington Borough Council, Northern Arts and Morrisons.
Rise (education program)
Rise is a training, funding and mentorship network created by Eric and Wendy Schmidt’s Schmidt Futures initiative and the Rhodes Trust.
Its founders created the programme to identify talented students aged 15-17 who come from any geography around the world and are interested in service and leadership.
The scheme aims to develop these young people through scholarships, mentoring, funding and a residential programme.
Since 2006, Eric Schmidt and his wife, Wendy Schmidt, have contributed to many charitable organisations and started philanthropic initiatives of their own, including Schmidt Futures and the Schmidt Family Foundation.
The Schmidt’s relationship with the Rhodes Trust came about in 2017, and initially, the couple committed $25 million over three years to establish the post-doctoral Schmidt Science Fellows program.
In 2019, the couple pledged a further $1bn to talent causes on an international level.
In recent years, talent has become a primary theme of the Schmidts’ philanthropy, and the couple began financing projects which develop talented people, and networks to support those people.
Upon launching the Rise program, Dr Elizabeth Kiss, the current CEO of the Rhodes Trust, stated, “All the research indicates 15 to 17 is… a pivotal time for self-understanding, brain plasticity, and a moment when you can make all the difference in a person’s trajectory.”
The website for Schmidt Futures states that before their final year of high school participants will be invited to attend a residential fellowship.
Participants will also receive other opportunities, including scholarship funding, mentorship and career services.
· Schmidt Science Fellows
· Rhodes Scholarship
List of Inkigayo Chart winners (2020)
The "Inkigayo" Chart is a music program record chart on Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS) that gives an award to the best-performing single of the week in South Korea.
The chart measures digital performance in domestic online music services (55%), social media via YouTube views (30%), album sales (10%), network on-air time (10%), and advanced viewer votes (5%) in its ranking methodology.
In 2020, two singles have ranked number one on the chart and two music acts received an award trophy for this feat.
One song has collected trophies for three weeks and earned a Triple Crown: Red Velvet's "Psycho".
Pavlo Honcharuk
Bishop Pavlo Honcharuk (; born 16 January 1978) is a Ukrainian Roman Catholic prelate who serves as a Diocesan bishop of the Kharkiv-Zaporizhia since 6 January 2020.
Bishop Honcharuk was born in the Roman Catholic family of Bronislav and Mariya Honcharuk with 12 children (he is the fifth) in the Yarmolyntsi Raion of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast, but grew up in the town Horodok of the neighbouring raion.
After graduation of the school education, he joined the Major Theological Seminary in Horodok in 1995; and was ordained as priest on June 22, 2002, for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kamyanets-Podilskyi, after completed his philosophical and theological study.
After his ordination Fr.
Honcharuk worked as assistent priest at the Cathedral of Sts.
Peter and Paul in Kamianets-Podilskyi (2002–2005) and parish priest in Dunaivtsi (2010–2016), and meanwhile continued studies at the Cardinal Stefan Wyszyński University in Warsaw, Poland, with Licentiate of Canon Law degree in 2010.
He also served as the diocesan bursar in his native diocese and since 2003 until 2020 he was Director of the diocesan Caritas.
In addition, he exercised the office of Defender of the Bond at the Diocesan Ecclesiastical Court from 2005 to 2016, the year in which he was appointed Judge of the same Court.
In addition to these offices, he also was a military chaplain.
On January 20, 2020, he was appointed by the Pope Francis as the Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kharkiv-Zaporizhia.
El Vicario
Pago Vicario is a Spanish winery in Castilla–La Mancha, Spain.
The winery uses the Vino de Pago wine appellation, a classification for Spanish wine applied to individual vineyards or wine estates, unlike the Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) or Denominación de Origen Calificada (DOCa) which is applied to an entire wine region.
The Pago Vicario winery was formed as a Vino de Pago in 2019, and geographically it lies within the extent of the La Mancha DOP.
Athletics at the 1989 Summer Universiade – Men's long jump
The men's long jump event at the 1989 Summer Universiade was held at the Wedaustadion in Duisburg with the final on 27 August 1989.
Petit lac Jacques-Cartier
The Petit lac Jacques-Cartier is a freshwater body that flows into the rivière Jacques-Cartier Sud, in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in province from Quebec, in Canada.
Petit lac Jacques-Cartier is located in the Jacques-Cartier National Park.
This small valley is served by some secondary roads serving this area for the needs of forestry, recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of Petit Lac Jacques-Cartier is generally frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, but safe circulation on the ice is generally made from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds neighboring Petit Lac Jacques-Cartier are:
Enclosed between the mountains, the Petit lac Jacques-Cartier has a length of , a width of and an altitude of .
This lake has two small islands and a central island which is aligned in a north-south direction with two peninsulas.
This lake is mainly fed by the outlet of Collins, Poitevin and Mesy lakes, the outlet of Haltère and Garneau lakes, the outlet of Lairet lake and the outlet of Doux lake.
Located at the bottom of a small bay to the northeast, the mouth of this lake has a dam.
This mouth is located at:
From the mouth of Petit lac Jacques-Cartier, the current flows in the following segments:
Jacques Cartier (Saint-Malo, France, 1491 - Saint-Malo, 1557), explorer and navigator, made three trips to Canada between 1534 and 1542.
He ventured to the New World in 1534, charged by François I with finding and a passage to Asia.
He explored the Anticosti Island, the Gulf of St. Lawrence and, on July 24, he erected a cross in the bay of Gaspé as a sign of appropriation of the site.
During his second trip, in 1535, Cartier went up the St. Lawrence River to Hochelaga (Montreal) and spent a difficult winter in Stadaconé (Quebec).
Finally, in 1541, under the orders of Roberval, Cartier attempted to establish the first French colony in America.
It settles at the mouth of the Cap-Rouge river which it names Charlesbourg-Royal.
Cartier left the colony in June 1542, while Roberval was on his way to Canada.
They meet in Newfoundland, and Cartier chooses to return to Saint-Malo.
First cartographer of the St. Lawrence, he recognizes that the gold and diamonds found turn out to be iron pyrite and quartz.
The toponym "Petit lac Jacques-Cartier" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Strahinja Eraković
Strahinja Eraković (; born 21 January 2001) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a
centre back for Grafičar Beograd on loan from Red Star Belgrade.
Athletics at the 1989 Summer Universiade – Women's high jump
The women's high jump event at the 1989 Summer Universiade was held at the Wedaustadion in Duisburg on 26 and 27 August 1989.
Transmedicalism
Transmedicalism is broadly defined as the belief that being transgender is contingent upon experiencing gender dysphoria or undergoing medical treatment in transitioning.
Transmedicalists, sometimes referred to as "truscum" by themselves or others, believe that individuals who identify as transgender but who do not experience gender dysphoria or undergo a medical transition—through methods such as sex reassignment surgery or hormone replacement therapy—are not genuinely transgender.
Transmedicalism has been called ignorant and harmful towards those with non-binary identities.
Henri Joyeux
Henri Joyeux (born 28 June 1945) is a French oncologist surgeon, nutrition specialist and writer.
After graduating from the University of Montpellier, he became a surgeon in general oncology in 1972, and a professor in digestive surgery and oncology.
He worked at the Curie Institute of Paris from 1992 to 1997 and became a member of the New York Academy of Sciences in 1992.
He wrote many general-interest books about health and nutrition, some of which sold over 500,000 copies.
and were translated in many languages.
He became a public figure in 2000, he appeared on Television shows and gave talks.
He was a member of the French Economic, Social and Environmental Council from 2010 to 2015.
Henri Joyeux was born in Montpellier, where he studied medicine.
He got his PhD from the University of Montpellier in 1972 with a thesis on artificial gut with total parenteral nutrition.
In 1973, Henri Joyeux became surgeon at the Regional Cancer Institute of Montpellier.
He was also appointed director of the Laboratory of Nutrition and Experimental Oncology at the Cancer Institute of Montpellier in 1972, at the age of only 27.
In 1980, he became professor of oncology at the University of Montpellier, and then professor of general surgery in 1986.
Henri Joyeux was awarded the Antoine Lacassagne award in 1986 for his research on artificial nutrition and its therapeutic use in digestive track cancers.
He joined the Curie Institute of Paris as head of the Visceral and Digestive Surgery Department in 1992 and became a member of the New York Academy of Sciences on the same year.
Two years later, in 1994, he became a member of the French National Academy of Surgery.
In 2008, he was made "Chevalier" (Knight) of the Legion of Honour for "41 years of service in civil, military and associative activities".
He retired in 2014.
Henri Joyeux was elected as municipal councillor in Ornaisons, a small commune in the Aude department, in 1983.
His term ended in 1989.
During the 1989 European Parliament election, he led a list named "L'Alliance" (center-right) which obtained 0.75% of the votes cast (136,230 votes).
In 2001, he was elected as president of Familles de France, one of the biggest family associations in France.
He held this position until 2013.
During his term, he joined the National Union of Family Associations (UNAF) as vice-president.
In 2013, he publicly opposed the bill allowing same-sex marriage and adoption for same-sex couples
From 2010 to 2015, as vice-president of the UNAF, he was a member of the French Economic, Social and Environmental Council
Warning against the influence of food advertising and its promotion of bad nutritional habits for children and young adolescents, Henri Joyeux launched in 2001 the very first "fruit pub" in a school.
Its aim was to encourage pupils to replace snacks and candies by fruits during the break.
Over the following years, Henri Joyeux became increasingly popular with the general public, namely because of his positions on nutrition and health.
Many of his books were best-sellers, some selling over 500,000 copies, such as "Changez d’alimentation".
Some of them have been translated in several languages, including Portuguese, Spanish, Russian and Italian.
Henri Joyeux is regularly referred to as a "publishing phenomenon" by the media, as he holds conferences "to packed house"everywhere in France and abroad.
La Jaraba (Vino de Pago)
Pago de La Jaraba is a Spanish winery in Castilla–La Mancha, Spain.
The winery uses the Vino de Pago wine appellation, a classification for Spanish wine applied to individual vineyards or wine estates, unlike the Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) or Denominación de Origen Calificada (DOCa) which is applied to an entire wine region.
The Pago de La Jaraba winery was formed as a Vino de Pago in 2019, and geographically it lies within the extent of the La Mancha DOP.
The winery also produces artisan Manchego cheese under the "D.O.P.
queso manchego" appellation.
Frederick Bromley
Frederick Hadkinson Bromley (30 November 1854 – 29 September 1908) was an English-born Australian trade unionist and politician in Victoria.
Bromley was born in 1854 in Wolverhampton, England.
He trained as an artist at the School of Design in South Kensington, and became an artist specialising in japanning, a European imitation of Asian lacquerwork.
In 1879, Bromley migrated to Victoria, where he lived in Carlton and worked as a japanner for the tin-making firm of Hughes & Harvey.
In the early 1880s, Bromley became active with the trade union movement, co-founding the Melbourne Tinsmiths, Iron-workers and Japanners' Society and serving as its first secretary.
Hughes & Harvey refused to accept the industry's eight-hour day reforms and dismissed Bromley for his advocacy, whereupon he became a freelance decorative artist and union organiser—combining his occupations by painting trade union banners.
In May 1883, Bromley joined the Victorian Trades Hall Council, representing the tinsmiths' union.
He was elected vice-president of the council in 1884, and president in March 1885.
In March 1886, Bromley contested the electoral district of Collingwood, but was unsuccessful.
He joined the Progressive Political League, and was elected vice-president in December 1891.
At the 1892 election, the PPL nominated Bromley as its candidate for Carlton, and he was duly elected in April 1892.
He became the first secretary of the party, which had gone through several iterations and emerged as the United Labour Party in May 1896.
Bromley served as the party's first secretary until he was elected party leader on 3 December 1900 after William Trenwith resigned as Labour leader to take up an appointment as Commissioner of Public Works and Minister of Railways in George Turner's Cabinet.
In 1893, Bromley sued Maurice Brodzky, the proprietor and publisher of the weekly newspaper "Table Talk", for libel after Brodzky compared the "feline portion of the Labour party" to the thievish disposition of a cat towards fish—a metaphor which Bromley took as a reference to his support of George Sangster over the latter's unauthorised use of union funds.
The jury found in Bromley's favour and awarded him £500 damages.
Bromley led Labour at the 1904 Victorian state election on 1 June 1904, but resigned as leader six days after the election due to ill health, and George Prendergast replaced him.
He died in office on 29 September 1908, at the age of 53.
Lukáš M. Vytlačil
Lukáš Michael Vytlačil (* 23 April 1985, Kladno), Czech flutist, historian, musicologist, conductor and teacher.
A baroque flute and recorder player, conductor and vocalist, he deals with the so-called historically informed interpretation of early music.
After studying at the Conservatory in Teplice (transverse flute and recorder, later also conducting with Jan Valta), for which he was awarded the Leoš Janáček Foundation Prize in 2007, he graduated at the Charles University in Prague in the field of Historical Music Practice – Baroque Transverse Flute by Jana Semerádová (2011) and Musicology at the Faculty of Arts (2017).
Under the direction of Rebecca Stewart, he also studied vocal polyphony.
He is active in concert and pedagogical activities.
He is the artistic director of Ensemble Mathesius and also performs with other ensembles such as Ensemble Inégal, with which he has participated in several recordings, Musica Florea, Capella Regia and others.
Between 2006 and 2008 he was choirmaster of the children's choir Fontána in Teplice and as a conductor he also collaborated with the North Czech Philharmonic or the Youth Forum Orchestra.
In 2005–2009 he taught at the Conservatory in Teplice, since 2014 he has been leading the recorder class at the Jan Deyl Conservatory in Prague.
He focuses mainly on the history of the late Middle Ages and early modern times, music history and editorial activity.
Since 2013 he has been working at the Czech Academy of Sciences (2013–2018 Department of Music History of the Institute of Ethnology, since 2018 on the Institute of Czech Literature).
His publications include several monographs and editions, studies, essays or dictionary entries.
He actively participates in various charity projects.
For his activities in the Military and Hospitaller Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem, of which he is a member, received from Zdeběk Hřib, the Mayor of Prague, the "Křesadlo" Award for the year 2018, awarded to volunteers by the Hestia Foundation.
He also write spiritual poetry and texts of sacred songs.
"Translated after on Czech Wikipedia."
Pembrokeshire Senior Cup
The Pembrokeshire Senior Cup is a football knockout tournament involving teams from in Pembrokeshire, West Wales who play in leagues administered and associated with the Pembrokeshire Association Football League.
Since the league began the following clubs have been senior cup winners:
Željko Gavrić
Željko Gavrić (; born 5 December 2000) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Serbian club Red Star Belgrade.
Оn 15 August 2018, Gavrić was loaned to Red Star's feeder team, Grafičar.
On 29 September 2019, Gavrić scored his first hat trick as a professional in a 4-2 victory against Dinamo Vranje in the Serbian First League.
On 13 November 2019, Gavrić extended his contract with Red Star to the summer of 2023.
Grafičar Beograd
Rivière Jacques-Cartier Sud
The Jacques-Cartier South River is a tributary of the rivière Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest, located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier , in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, Canada.
The course of the river passes in particular in the Jacques-Cartier National Park.
The head water is Petit lac Jacques-Cartier.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of the "rivière Jacques-Cartier Sud" (except the rapids zones) is generally frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, but the safe circulation on the ice is generally made from the end of December to the beginning of March.
The main watersheds neighboring the Jacques-Cartier South River are:
The Jacques-Cartier South River originates at Petit lac Jacques-Cartier (length: ; altitude: , located in unorganized territory du Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality.
From the dam at the mouth of Petit lac Jacques-Cartier, the Jacques-Cartier South river flows over , with a total drop of , according to the following segments:
From the confluence of the Jacques-Cartier North-West river, the current flows over east, south-east, then east, following the course of the [[Jacques-Cartier North West River; then on south by the course of the [[Jacques-Cartier River]] to the northeast bank of the [[Saint-Laurent river]]..
[[Jacques Cartier]] ([[Saint-Malo]], [[France]], 1491 - Saint-Malo, 1557), explorer and navigator, made three trips to [[Canada]] between 1534 and 1542.
He s adventure in the New World in 1534, commissioned by François I to find gold and a passage to Asia.
He explored Anticosti Island, the [[Gulf of St. Lawrence]] and, on July 24, he erected a cross in the bay of Gaspé as a sign of appropriation of the site.
During his second journey, in 1535, Cartier went up the St. Lawrence River to Hochelaga ([[Montreal]]) and spent a difficult winter in Stadaconé (Quebec).
Finally, in 1541, under the orders of Roberval, Cartier attempted to establish the first French colony in America.
It settles at the mouth of the Cap-Rouge river which it names Charlesbourg-Royal.
Cartier left the colony in June 1542, while Roberval was on his way to Canada.
They meet in [[Newfoundland]], and Cartier chooses to return to Saint-Malo.
First cartographer of the St. Lawrence, he recognizes that the gold and diamonds found turn out to be iron pyrite and quartz.
The toponym "rivière Jacques-Cartier Sud" was formalized on September 28, 2007 at the Place Names Bank of the [[Commission de toponymie du Québec]].
[[Category:Rivers of Capitale-Nationale]]
[[Category:La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality]]
Waterloo Plains massacre
Waterloo Plains massacre occurred in June 1838, when 8 - 23 Djadjawurrung Aboriginals were killed in a reprisal raid for the killing of two convict servants and theft of sheep.
In early 1837 the Barford sheep run was established by William Henry Yaldwyn, when business partner and station overseer John Coppock drove 4000 sheep from the Goulburn area to a site on a creek (later named Piper's creek) about 8 miles north of Kyneton.
In 1838, two convicts (a hut keeper and watchman) where found dead and 1200 sheep missing.
John Coppock summoned between 16 - 19 convict men from Barford and surrounding stations owned by Charles Ebden (Carlsruhe station) and Dr William Bowman and H Munro.
The armed and mounted party, tracked the aboriginals to their camp in a gully (now known as Waterloo Plains).
At night the armed party attacked, taking the camp by surprise as they cooked the stolen sheep.
The terrain meant the victims had little defense other than their spears and shields.
When the attack was over, between 8 and 23 aboriginals were dead and some wounded.
Two of the attackers sustained minor injuries.
Chief Protector of Aborigines George Augustus Robinson reporting:They fired from their horses; the blacks were down in the hole.
They were out of distance of spears.
One old man kept supplying them with spears and was soon shot.
Great many were shot.
Some other blacks held up pieces of bark to keep off the balls but it was no use.
Some were shot dead with their bark in their hands.
When Melbourne police magistrate William Lonsdale heard about the killing he summoned John Coppock to Melbourne to explain.
In January 1840, George Augustus Robinson traveled to Munro's station and crossed the Coliban river locating the site of the killing on small hill behind an abandoned hut.
Ninpō-chūshingura
Mumyō Kotarō killed his betrayed fiancé Orie and He flees to Utsunomiya.
On his way he happens to saves Chisaka Hyōbu's daughter Oyu(She is exactly like Orie.)
be attacked by ninja.
Thus he stays Chisaka's residence in Yonezawa.
Chisaka was just trying to stop Forty-seven rōnin's revenge against Kira Kōzuke no suke by female ninja's sexual entrapment.
Chisaka asks Kotarō to lead female ninja.
Kotarō accepts the request on condition of marriage to Oyu.
Geraint Frowen
Geraint Frowen (born 7 May 1984) is an Welsh footballer who plays at right back and came through the academy at Leicester City before leaving for Swansea City in 2002.
Frowen has represented Wales at Under 15, 16, 17 and 19 levels.
Senator Young
Senator Young may refer to:
The Snow Queen (Abrahamsen)
The Snow Queen is an opera by Hans Abrahamsen and was commissioned by the Royal Danish Opera.
The world premiere in Danish took place on 13 October 2019 in Copenhagen.
On 21 December 2019 the English version was premiered at the Bavarian State Opera in Munich.
The work is based on the fairy tale "The Snow Queen" (Danish title: "Snedronningen") by Hans Christian Andersen and the libretto is by Hans Abrahamsen and Henrik Engelbrecht.
The plot of "The Snow Queen" is based on the fairy tale "The Snow Queen" by Hans Christian Andersen, which consists of seven episodes.
Hans Abrahamsen and Henrik Engelbrecht developed the opera libretto for "The Snow Queen" from this while largely retaining the language characteristics of the fairytale.
The children Gerda and Kay listen to the Grandmother telling them about the Snow Queen, whereupon Kay imagines bringing the Snow Queen into the warm room and watching her melt.
Gerda tells him how the devil created a magic mirror which makes everything beautiful look ugly and that it has broken into a million tiny pieces.
She explains that anyone getting one of these splinters in their eye or heart would only see the imperfections in things; the coldness causing their hearts to become numb.
That night, Kay is so afraid that he cannot fall asleep.
When he sees the Snow Queen at the window he is terrified.
While Gerda and Kay look at the blooming roses Kay is suddenly being pierced by something into his heart and then into his eye.
From this moment on, he too only sees the imperfection of the flowers whereupon he mocks Gerda and picks the roses to pieces.
The friendship between Kay and Gerda is weakened.
Instead of playing with her, Kay would rather play with the other boys who do not let him join their game.
At the same time Kay admires the symmetry and perfection of the ice crystals.
The Snow Queen appears on her sled and takes the boy with her.
The Snow Queen flies with Kay to her ice palace.
She kisses him on the forehead, causing him to lose his feeling of coldness and forget the world he once knew.
Gerda has begun the search for Kay and finds herself in the Old Woman’s garden where the flowers sing her the song of the three dead sisters.
But Kay, they announce, is not dead.
Gerda leaves the garden and continues her search.
Upon meeting the Forest Crow, Gerda learns that the princess has been looking for a man who is her equal in wisdom.
Since Gerda suspects that Kay might be the chosen one the Forest Crow brings her to the castle of Prince and Princess.
Arriving at the Castle the Castle Crow allows Gerda to enter but is immediately haunted by sinister and eerie apparitions.
When she finally finds the princess and her prince, she realizes her mistake.
The Prince and Princess reward the Crows for their good deed and promise to help Gerda.
Gerda is permitted to sleep in the Prince’s bed.
In a dream she sees Kay on his sleigh.
Prince and princess have given Gerda her their golden coach so she can continue her search for Kay.
In the forest the carriage is ambushed by robbers, killing all the travellers except Gerda.
With the help of the reindeer, which takes Gerda further north, she meets the Finn Woman.
The reindeer tells the Finn Woman of how Gerda was held captive by the robbers and about the assumption that Kay is with the Snow Queen.
The Finn Woman eventually explains the background of Kay's disappearance.
She encourages Gerda in her search but declines to endow her with special powers, for Gerda is already in possession of all the abilities she needed to find Kay.
She instructs the reindeer to take Gerda to the Snow Queen's kingdom and then return.
Arriving in the Snow Queen's kingdom, the reindeer bids farewell to Gerda, kissing her on the mouth and weeping.
The cold hits her and the Snow Queen's outposts urge her to turn back.
But the angels that arise from her breath protect her from the threat.
Meanwhile, in the Snow Queen's ice palace, Kay is confronted with the task of finding the perfect word but he is almost petrified with cold and despair.
The Snow Queen has left the palace.
When Gerda finally finds him, both begin to cry.
Through the tears, Kay is freed from the splinters in his eyes and heart.
Together Gerda and Kay discover the word ‘eternity’.
When Gerda and Kay return home, the grandmother is still reading a picture book.
But Kay and Gerda have grown up and yet remained children at heart.
It is summer again.
Hans Abrahamsen's works are characterized by complex structures.
The composer himself describes his compositional style as technically and rhythmically difficult.
Furthermore, the feeling which shall be expressed through music is dependent on the form, this is also evident in his creative process, which is based, for example, on the elaboration of a time structure within which the music will unfold.
In an interview with the magazine Max Joseph, Abrahamsen says: "Music is very special, because it exists in time, and as a composer I must shape time".
"The Snow Queen" has a very large orchestration, which allows for the variety of sounds that Abrahamsen plays with in his composition.
Hans Abrahamsen's work is often described with the term New Simplicity.
However, this is only partially true due to the consistent development of his compositional style.
"The Snow Queen" is scored for:
Abrahamsen had already made his first compositional attempts to write a vocal work in the 1970s.
He had originally conceived his piece "Winternacht", based on the poem of the same name by Georg Trakl, as a piece for soprano and instrumental ensemble: "I [...] first designed the instrumental part, painted the background like a painter, so to speak.
Then I wanted to add the text with the singing voice, like a painter inserts his figures into the background landscape.
But I couldn't find the music for this figure, the soprano, and so my Winternacht became, in a certain sense, a 'song without words'".
Nevertheless, Abrahamsen was keen to compose a work in the field of music theatre.
This project was supported by Hans Werner Henze, among others, who suggested to the composer that he compose an opera as early as the 1980s in view of the early Münchener Biennale.
It was only when he was working on his composition "Schnee" that Abrahamsen took up the idea of a music theatre piece again.
At this time he was deeply involved with the theme of snow and in this context he also read Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale "The Snow Queen".
Abrahamsen associated its episodic form with his work "Märchenbilder", which, based on Robert Schumann's chamber music piece for viola and piano, deals with the idea of assembling stories from pictures.
Based on the design of the fairy tale, Abrahamsen developed an opera libretto in collaboration with the dramaturg Henrik Engelbrecht, which takes into account selected scenes from the fairy tale while largely preserving the original language.
Inspired by the collaboration with the soprano Barbara Hannigan for the composition "let me tell you", the desire grew to create an opera part for her voice.
A commission from the Royal Danish Opera in Copenhagen enabled Hans Abrahamsen to find time for the compositional process.
The English version of The Snow Queen was written for a production with Barbara Hannigan at the Bavarian State Opera in collaboration with the British writer Amanda Holden.
"The Snow Queen" was commissioned by the Royal Danish Opera Copenhagen.
The opera was premiered there in Danish on 13 October 2019 in a production directed by Francisco Negrin.
The first performance of the English version took place on 21 December 2019 at the Bavarian State Opera under the musical direction of Cornelius Meister.
The production is designed by .
First impressions of the resulting opera were gained from the "Drei Märchenbilder", based on the orchestral part of the first act of "The Snow Queen", which was performed at the 1st Academy Concert of the Bavarian State Orchestra under the musical direction of Constantinos Carydis in October 2018.
Producers Guild of America Award for Best Limited Series Television
The Producers Guild of America Award for Best Limited Series Television, also known as the David L. Wolper Award for Outstanding Producer of Limited Series Television, is an annual award given by the Producers Guild of America.
It was first awarded at the 30th Annual Producers Guild Awards after the guild announced to split the award for Outstanding Producer of Long-Form Television into two: this accolade and the award for Outstanding Producer of Streamed or Televised Movies.
Marcel Ponseele
Marcel Ponseele is a Belgian oboist.
Ponseele studied at Bruges and other conservatories in Belgium.
He has specialised in the baroque oboe and is involved in making his own instruments in 18th-century style.
He is known for his performances of Bach.
He has made a number of recordings as a soloist, playing baroque oboe and related instruments such as the oboe d'amore.
His Bach recordings include cantatas conducted by John Eliot Gardiner, Ton Koopman and other conductors.
Pyrrhopappus pauciflorus
Pyrrhopappus pauciflorus, commonly known as smallflower desert-chicory or Texas false dandelion, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.
It is native to the southern United States and northern Mexico.
It is a weedy annual found in prairies, clay soils and disturbed habitats.
Producers Guild of America Award for Best Streamed or Televised Movie
The Producers Guild of America Award for Best Streamed or Televised Movie, also known as the Award for Outstanding Producer of Streamed or Televised Movies, is an annual award given by the Producers Guild of America.
It was first awarded at the 30th Annual Producers Guild Awards after the guild announced to split the award for Outstanding Producer of Long-Form Television into two: this accolade and the David L. Wolper Award for Outstanding Producer of Limited Series Television.
Cartel seat (monument)
Cartel seats as monuments were the headquarters or other premises of historical, no longer existing cartels in the sense of a group of cooperating, but rivaling enterprises.
Often, these associations had been syndicate cartels being an advanced form of entrepreneurial combination because of their tight organization with a common sales agency.
The cartel buildings had been used for secretariats, meeting rooms, sales offices, advertising agencies, research departments and further more.
Many such historical buildings can still be found in Europe and the United States.
In the decades between 1870 and 1945, cartels had been wide spread as organizational forms of the economy.
While loose price cartels and other more or less informal Gentlemen's agreements“ did not impose any requirements relating to fixed permanent premises, this was particularly the case with “syndicate cartels” being entrepreneurial combinations with centralized sales offices.
Hundreds of administrative employees could work in such cartel establishments.
The respective buildings were regularly stately, often representative and richly decorated with façade ornaments.
In Europe, despite substantial war losses and demolitions, many of these cartel buildings are still preserved.
Mostly, however, they have become simpler in their appearance, because later owners did not restore the original ornaments (easily recognizable at the headquarters of the Potash Syndicate (Stassfurt and Berlin, Germany) and of the Comptoir de Longwy, France).
To the monument category of large cartel seats, one could add the buildings also of historic economic planning associations, which are considered to be similar to a cartel.
They existed mainly before and during the Second World War.
From their heritage value, historic cartel buildings could be equated with historic headquarters of large companies or corporate groups.
However, this has not been put into practice: A number of buildings around the world have been designated and protected as historical corporate headquarters, but not a single former cartel seat has been signposted as such.
If historic cartel buildings are actually under heritage protection, they are listed for other reasons of remembrance.
Conversely, stately buildings have been demolished in the past, without any regard to their historical importance as cartel seats.
The cartel specialist Holm Arno Leonhardt pointed out in 2013 how important certain cartels had been for economic development in the 19th century, such as the sales organizations for coal and steel in the Rhine-Ruhr-area of Germany: The Rhenish-Westphalian Coal Syndicate and the German Stahlwerksverband.
For this reason he pleaded for the distinct „regionalwirtschaftliche Organisationskunst“ (= expertise for regional economic development) of the syndicate cartels to be an intangible cultural heritage and put under UNESCO world cultural heritage protection before being forgotten.
Suitable places of remembrance in Germany were Düsseldorf (steel sales) and Essen (coal sales).
Significant memorial plaques were to be set up at both locations.
The reasons for the conspicuous reluctance of the historic preservation authorities and the established historians in relation to historical cartel buildings can be found in the taboo, which after the Second World War was installed by the general cartel ban.
Cartels have been criminalized and positive statements about them belong to the 'inspeakable'.
The initiative to consider cartel buildings as historically worth remembering came only from critical scientific positions or from civil society, for example from the association "Rhein-Neckar-Industriekultur eV", Mannheim, which dedicated an illustrated presentation to the local branch of the former Rhenish lignite syndicate.
The Austrian cartel system was definitely dominated by the city of Vienna as the political and administrative center of Austria-Hungary or of the republican Austria.
The historical Viennaer cartel landscape was characterized by a graduated geographical scope of the recognizable cartels.
The responsibility of these associations ranged from the wider town area (in most cases craft cartels) via Lower Austria, crownland/republic Austria, the Austrian part of the Habsburg monarchy, the whole Austria-Hungary up to an international or global reach.
In terms of architecture, the Viennese cartel residences don’t stand out: They feature the same pomp style as the neighboring buildings and are not marked with specific trade symbols.
Removals of cartel seats, mainly of smaller administrations, which fitted into large apartments, can be ascertained.
Also in Czechoslovakia, the capital (Prague) was the most favored location for cartel headquarters.
Nevertheless, other places can be found (e.g.
Brno), but were comparably rare.
Switzerland was a location for domestic as well as international cartels.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Devasis
Devasis Chattopadhyay (also known by the pen name Devasis) is a Mumbai based author and communications adviser.
In 2017, Devasis wrote his first novel – "Without Prejudice", set against the backdrop of closure of Mumbai dance bars in 2005.
"Without Prejudice" as a novel is a chronicle of a turbulent time and narrates the practice of community-sanctioned organised trafficking, involving a century-old community from the Chambal Valley in Central India, where marriage is taboo for their women even in the 21st-century, and a Mumbai bar dancer’s fight to get away from it.
Critically acclaimed by a large cross-section of media, the story of "Without Prejudice" falls with in the ambit of - roman-à-clef (fictionalized true story).
Devasis was born into a middle-class Bengali joint-family in Kolkata, India, and shifted to Mumbai in mid-1990s after his education and initial work-life.
His father Nityananda was a public sector executive and mother Sadhana was a home maker.
Devasis is a graduate from Calcutta University and a post-graduate diploma holder in communications, as well.
He has two sons.
Devasis believes in human dignity and fights for this cause.
Devasis works as a senior corporate reputation management and brand communications strategist and writes extensively on the issues of communications as well.
Henri-Mercier Lake
The Lac Henri-Mercier is a freshwater body whose discharge spills into the rivière Jacques-Cartier Nord-Ouest, in the unorganized territory of Lac-Jacques-Cartier, in the La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in province of Quebec, in Canada.
Lac Henri-Mercier is located in the Jacques-Cartier National Park.
This small valley is served by a few secondary roads serving this area for the needs of forestry, recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism, second.
The surface of Lac Henri-Mercier is generally frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, but the safe circulation on the ice is generally made from mid-December to mid-March.
The main watersheds near Lake Henri-Mercier are:
Enclosed between the mountains, the Petit lac Jacques-Cartier has a length of , a width of and an altitude of .
This lengthwise lake has a bulge of land attached to the south shore, and a peninsula attached to the north shore.
This lake is mainly fed by the outlet of Pellucide, Rothnie and Préfet lakes, as well as the outlet of Peggy Lake.
Located at the bottom of a small bay to the northeast, the mouth of this lake has a dam.
This mouth is located at:
From the mouth of Petit lac Jacques-Cartier, the current flows in the following segments:
The denomination "Lac Henri-Mercier" in use since 1942 to designate this body of water.
Previously, this body of water was designated “Lac Paul”.
The Commission de géographie de Québec, the current Commission de toponymie du Québec, adopted this name on March 5, 1959.
Subsequently, the toponym "lac Henri-Mercier" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Thomas Ertelt
Thomas F. Ertelt (born 1 January 1955) is a German musicologist and Institut director of the State Institute for Music Research in Berlin.
Born in Weingarten, Ertelt studied musicology and Germanistic at the Freie Universität Berlin (with Rudolf Stephan).
In 1989 he received his doctorate with his work on A. Berg's opera "Lulu".
In 1992 Ertelt went to the Berlin Musical Instrument Museum of the Staatliches Institut für Musikforschung Berlin (SIMPK) and has been working there in leading positions as successor of Dagmar Droysen-Reber since 1994.
Ertelt's research focuses primarily on the music of the Second Viennese School and the history of music theory.
Er is publisher of the "Geschichte der Musiktheorie", the Briefwechsels der Wiennese School and the series "Klang und Begriff".
Khala Mia
Khala Mia (born 1965) is a Bangladeshi folk singer of Baul genre.
He composed notable Bengali folk songs including ""Okarone tulsir mule jol dhalilam"," "O sundori konnaylo tore sundore duniya sundore, Ay sojoni jole jabo kolsi loiya, Manus chinia pirit koro mon amar."
He sang in London Embassy on the invitation of British High Commissioner Anwar Chowdhury on the birthday of Queen Elizabeth of Britain on Thursday, May 8, 2008.
He has participated Grand Union Orchestra in UK in 2008.
List of Intangible Cultural Heritage in Armenia
UNESCO established its Lists of Intangible Cultural Heritage with the aim of ensuring better protection of important intangible cultural heritages worldwide and the awareness of their significance.
Elements inscribed in the lists are deemed as significant bastions of humanity's intangible heritage, the highest honour for intangible heritage in the world stage.
List of number-one singles of 2020 (Slovenia)
List of the Slovenian number-one singles of 2020 compiled by SloTop50, is the official chart provider of Slovenia.
SloTop50 publishes weekly charts once a week, every Sunday.
Chart contain data generated by the SloTop50 system according to any song played during the period starting the previous Monday morning at time 00:00:00 and ending Sunday night at 23:59:59.
Weekly charted #1 songs and highest charted counting among domestic songs only
Sevelen railway station
Sevelen railway station () is a railway station in Sevelen, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen.
It is an intermediate stop on the Chur–Rorschach line and is served by local trains only.
Sevelen is served by the S4 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn:
Chen Huimin
Chen Huimin may refer to:
Committee for the Salvation of the Homeland and Revolution
The Committee for the Salvation of the Homeland and the Revolution was a brief counterrevolutionary organ created in Petrograd on the night of November 7–8, 1917, during the storming of the Winter Palace by the Bolsheviks, after the procession participants returned to the building of the City Duma to help the revolutionary government besieged in their residence in order to fight against the Bolsheviks.
The Committee included representatives of the Petrograd City Council, the Pre-Parliament, the Central Executive Committee of the Soviets of the First Convocation, the Executive Committee of the All–Russian Council of Peasant Deputies, the Central Executive Committee of the Navy, the Central Committees of the Menshevik, Socialist Revolutionary, "People's Socialist", Constitutional Democratic parties, the postal–telegraph and railway unions, factions of the Mensheviks and Socialist Revolutionaries, who left the Second All-Russian Congress of Soviets and others.
The right–wing Social Revolutionary Abram Gotz was elected Chairman of the Committee.
The committee distributed anti–Bolshevik leaflets, supported the strike of civil servants and the campaign of Kerensky–Krasnov to Petrograd, organized an armed uprising of junkers in Petrograd itself, the Mensheviks and Socialist–Revolutionaries who left the Second All-Russian Congress of Soviets and others.
According to John Reid's testimony, the Committee had already posted a petition in Petrograd on November 8 stating the illegality of the Bolshevik government, declared its intention to recreate the Provisional Government, which "will bring the country to the Constituent Assembly and save it from counter-revolution and anarchy", and urged citizens not to recognize illegal power Bolsheviks and stand up "to defend the homeland and revolution".
On October 29, the Committee for the Salvation of the Homeland and the Revolution launched an anti-Bolshevik uprising in Petrograd.
The Engineering Castle became the center of the uprising, and the main armed force – the cadets of the Nikolaev Engineering School who were stationed in it.
Georgy Polkovnikov, the commander of the Petrograd Military District, deposed by the Bolsheviks, declared himself the commander of the "rescue forces" and, by his order, forbade parts of the district to obey the orders of the Military Revolutionary Committee.
For some time, the rebels managed to seize the telephone station and disconnect Smolny, arrest part of the commissars of the Military Revolutionary Committee and begin disarming the Red Guards.
However, the bulk of the troops of the Petrograd garrison did not join the uprising.
By 11 a.m. on October 29, the forces of the Military Revolutionary Committee recaptured the telephone exchange and surrounded the Engineering Castle with superior forces.
The uprising was finally suppressed by the morning of October 30th.
In parallel, the forces of the Military Revolutionary Committee blocked a number of cadet schools in Petrograd, which in some cases was accompanied by victims.
Particularly stubborn resistance was provided by the Vladimir School, where up to 200 people died on both sides, during the assault artillery was used.
At the end of November 1917, the Committee was transformed into the "Union for the Defense of the Constituent Assembly", which also included representatives of other parties; the right-wing Social Revolutionary Vasily Filippovsky became the chairman.
After the dissolution of the Constituent Assembly, the Union self-destructed.
Pago Calzadilla
Pago Calzadilla is a Spanish winery in Castilla–La Mancha, Spain.
The winery uses the Vino de Pago wine appellation, a classification for Spanish wine applied to individual vineyards or wine estates, unlike the Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) or Denominación de Origen Calificada (DOCa) which is applied to an entire wine region.
The Pago Calzadilla winery was formed as a Vino de Pago in 2011, and geographically it lies within the extent of the Uclés DOP.
At just 22 hectares, Pago Calzadilla is the smallest wine DOP in Spain.
Diego Baldenweg with Nora Baldenweg &amp; Lionel Baldenweg
Diego Baldenweg with Nora Baldenweg & Lionel Baldenweg is a Swiss/Australian composer trio.
They were the first Swiss composers to be nominated for the World Soundtrack Awards (Public Choice) in 2019.
Their musical range often moves within classic orchestral, subtle electronics and lyrical/non-lyrical vocals.
The siblings work together as a team (Diego Baldenweg (composer), Nora Baldenweg (co-composer), Lionel Baldenweg (co-composer)) and together they founded the music production company GREAT GARBO in 2004.
Since then the siblings have composed and produced the music to over 300 international advertising campaigns for brands such as Carlsberg, Mastercard, Nivea, Sony and Dove.
They have composed music for many films such as Otfried Preußler's bestselling children's book adaptation "The Little Witch" starring Karoline Herfurth, the film La Femme et le TGV starring Jane Birkin and for Til Schweiger's US remake of his German film Head Full of Honey starring Nick Nolte, Matt Dillon and Emily Mortimer.
In 2019 they composed the entire original score to the Australian teenage sci-fi series The Unlisted (ABC/Netflix) created by Justine Flynn and produced by Polly Staniford and Angie Fielder.
In this context they also produced, arranged and performed a remake of Pink Floyd's "Another Brick in the Wall" for the opening theme.
The Baldenweg siblings have worked with orchestras like the Czech National Symphony Orchestra, Macedonian Radio Symphony Orchestra and The City of Prague Philharmonic Orchestra.
Other notable collaborations include their work with American conductor David Zinman and the Tonhalle Orchestra for their score to "180°" and with British-Irish violinist Daniel Hope and the Zurich Chamber Orchestra for their score to "The Reformer Zwingli".
The Baldenwegs are voting members of the Art Directors Club, Swiss Film Academy, European Film Academy, Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts, Swiss Media Composers Association and the Australian Guild of Screen Composers.
Besides her career in music, Nora Baldenweg simultaneously held positions in fashion publishing as Editor-at-Large/Paris Director (Russh),
Editor-at-Large/Paris Director/Senior Editor (Indie), Editor-at-Large/Fashion features director (Material Girl) and was a contributing writer for Vogue Taiwan, Nylon, Dazed Digital and Wallpaper.
In May 2014 she relaunched the Paris-based magazine Modzik as Editor-in-chief.
In May 2017 she became Editor-in-chief of UK-based magazine Lula.
Since 2017 she works as a Creative Director (fashion) for various brands.
Daniel Mminele
Daniel Mminele (born 1965), is the chief executive officer (CEO) of Absa Group Limited, a financial services conglomerate, with headquarters in Johannesburg, South Africa, and subsidiaries in Botswana, Ghana, Kenya, Mauritius, Mozambique, Seychelles, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia.
Prior to joining Absa Group as CEO in January 2020, Mminele spent more than 20 years at the South African Reserve Bank (SARB), where he rose through the ranks to be a Deputy Governor and a member of key committees such as the Monetary Policy Committee and Financial Stability Committee.
He retired from the SARB in June 2019, after his second consecutive five-year term as Deputy Governor came to an end.
Mminele was born in Phalaborwa, Mopani District Municipality, Limpopo Province, South Africa, in 1965.
He went to school in Germany, and was trained as a banker at Sparkasse Paderborn, in association with the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of East-Westphalia (Bielefeld), obtaining his banking qualification in 1987.
He also later obtained various associate certificates from the Chartered Institute of Bankers of the United Kingdom, attending classes for these at City of London Polytechnic (later Guildhall University).
Mminele spent eight years (1987 to 1995) in various roles at the Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale, at its offices in Düsseldorf and London.
He returned to South Africa in 1995, then spent about two years at Commerzbank, working as a customer relations manager in corporate banking, and about equal time at African Merchant Bank, as a project and structured finance specialist, based in Johannesburg.
In 1999, he joined the South African Reserve Bank.
In 2009, he was appointed as deputy governor responsible for financial markets and international economic relations.
He takes over as chief executive officer at Absa Group, on 15 January 2020, the first person of African descent to serve in at role.
While at the SARB, he was a member of the Reserve Bank’s monetary policy and financial stability committee.
With his appointment as CEO at Absa, Mminele is the first Black African to serve in that role.
In 2018, the German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier bestowed the Great Order of Merit to Mminele for his work in promoting German-South African relations.
The Great Order of Merit is the highest honour Germany can pay to an individual for services to the country.
In 2019 he was awarded the Lifetime Achiever Award by the Association of Black Securities and Investment Professionals (ABSIP)
Matthew Hedges (diplomat)
Matthew James Hedges is a British diplomat, serving since August 2017 as the British Ambassador to Paraguay.
Previously to this, he was the Deputy Head of Mission in the British embassy in Yangon, Myanmar.
Since joining the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in 1999, he has also worked in Tokyo, Rabat, New York, and at the House of Commons.
Hedges received a Master in Public Policy – International Relations from Princeton University.
In 2018, the then Paraguayan Foreign Minister Eladio Loizaga said at a press conference that he called in Hedges to express discomfort over a tweet that Hedges had made after the Supreme Court of Paraguay overturned the conviction of 12 farmers in a case relating to the violent deaths of 6 police officers and 11 rural workers in 2012.
Hedges had tweeted: "How beautiful is the smile of freedom," above a photograph of one of the freed men who is seen smiling and embracing a woman.
Hedges told reporters that he was merely reacting to a 'human moment' shown by the photograph.
In 2019, Hedges was received by the senior commanding officers of the Paraguayan Navy and exchanged presents with them.
Steiermärkische Sparkasse
The Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen AG (mostly called Steiermärkische Sparkasse for short) was founded in 1825 as "Vereinssparkasse" ("Steyermärkische Spar-Casse") and is thus the oldest financial institution in Styria.
Business operations began on 15 May 1825 at the first business premises at Landhaus, Schmiedgasse No.
9.
The actual founder of the Steiermärkische Sparkasse was the Emperor's personal representative and Governor in Styria: Franz von Hartig.
Since 1823 he had been the Imperial and Royal Count of Styria, Governor of Styria and thus head of the Imperial and Royal Styrian "Gubernium", the country's highest political authority.
In addition to his political responsibilities, he also was in a role inspired him to found a "Sparkasse" in Graz.
Since 1823 he had been a member of the Association of the First Austrian "Spar-Casse" with direct insight into the beginnings of the "Sparkassen" system in Austria.
As early as 1824 he had decided to found an institute of this kind in Styria as well.
Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen AG was founded in 1825 as an association savings bank and was thus the first financial institution in Styria.
It is a universal bank with services for private clients, small and medium-sized enterprises, private banking clients, large companies, institutional clients and the public sector.
With a balance sheet total of € 15 billion, it is the largest retail bank in Styria.
The expanded home market includes Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Croatia, Serbia and Slovenia.Steiermärkische Sparkasse is the largest regional "Sparkasse" in Austria and an important part of the Austrian "Sparkassen Gruppe", which consists of 46 "Sparkassen" with "Erste Group Bank" and "Erste Bank Österreich" as leading institutions.
It is also a member of the "Sparkassen Haftungsverbund".
Steiermärkische Bank und Sparkassen AG has its headquarters at Am Sparkassenplatz in Graz.
73.5 % of the shares in the company are held by "Steiermärkische Verwaltungssparkasse", 25 % by "Erste Bank" and 1.5 % by the employees.
With a balance sheet total of EUR 15.7 billion, the Steiermärkische Sparkasse Group is the largest "Sparkasse" in Styria and the largest "Sparkasse" in southern Austria.
The "Sparkasse" employs 2,785 staff and operates 233 locations.
(as of 2018)
Mount Tempü
Mount Tempü (also known as Mount Iso) is a peak rising at the mountainous border of Manipur and Nagaland in India.
With a height of 2994 m above sea level, Tempü is the highest peak in present day Indian state of Manipur.
Mt.
Tempü is located at an altitude of 2994m above mean sea level.
The peak is located in the western part of Viswema—the starting point of the climb.
The peak is surrounded by other Naga communities such as Mao Nagas and Maram Nagas.
Occasionally the peak is snow covered during the winter months.
On clear day one can catch a glimpse of Loktak Lake from the distance.
The Asian Highway 1 and also the NH-2 passes through its foothills.
The nearest airport is Dimapur Airport at Dimapur near the Assam border about 96 kilometres (60 miles) away from Viswema while the Bir Tikendrajit International Airport is located about 120 kilometres (75 miles) south of Viswema.
The peak can be access from the same route to Dzüko Valley that is from the foothills of Viswema.
Here one can hike or take a ride to the rest house above "Mt.
Teyozwü".
From here one has to climb forty minutes to the top of the mountain("Khiyoke").
Here the path on the left leads to Mt.
Tempü whereas on the right leads to Dzüko Valley.
Mt.
Tempü is about two hours climb from "Khiyoke".
William S. Ervin
William S. Ervin (September 4, 1886 - April 2, 1951) was an American attorney and politician from Minnesota.
A member of the Minnesota Farmer–Labor Party, he is most notable for his service as Attorney General of Minnesota from 1936 to 1939.
William Sterling Ervin was born in Birmingham, Iowa on September 4, 1886.
He was the son of Robert Milton Ervin and Malzena (Cole) Ervin, and his family moved to Minnesota when he was six months old.
Ervin graduated from high school in Mankato, Minnesota.
He then attended the University of Minnesota Law School, from which he graduated with an LL.B.
degree in 1910.
Ervin attained admission to the bar in 1910 and practiced in Sandstone, Minnesota.
A member of the Minnesota Farmer–Labor Party, he served as county attorney of Pine County from 1914 to 1918.
In 1919, he moved to Minneapolis.
From 1933 to 1936, Ervin served as Assistant Attorney General of Minnesota.
In 1936, he was appointed Attorney General when Harry H. Peterson resigned to accept appointment to the Minnesota Supreme Court, and he served until 1939.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election to the position in 1938.
After leaving the attorney general's office, Ervin resumed the practice of law.
During World War II, he was a United States Commissioner authorized to perform certain judicial functions of Minnesota's federal district court.
From 1943 to 1947 he served as assistant commissioner of the land office for Hennepin County, and he served as commissioner from 1947 to 1949.
After leaving the land commissioner's office, Ervin continued to practice law and reside in Minneapolis.
He died in Minneapolis on April 2, 1951, after suffering a heart attack while walking on a street near his home.
He was buried at Lakewood Cemetery in Minneapolis.
In 1914, Ervin married Elsie L. Orth.
He was survived by his wife, daughter Betty, and son Robert.
2019 World Para Ice Hockey Championships
The 10th edition of World Para Ice Hockey Championships (originally named IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships) was held in 2019.
The championships were divided into three tournaments.
The main event (Tournament A) was hosted by Ostrava, Czech Republic The first matches were played on April 27 and the championships concluded with the final game played on May 4.
It was the second time Ostrava World Para Ice Hockey Championships, as Ostrava hosted the Championships 10 years ago in 2009.
The tournament achieved record number of spectators, as their total number reached 65,000.
It also broke record for single game as the semifinal of hosting team agains United States and bronze medal match agains South Korea saw 8,600 spectator each, both surpassing the record from 2002 Winter Paralympics in Salt Lake City.
Tournament B was held in Berlin, Germany from November 17 to 22.
Tournament C was held in Vierumäki, Finland, from November 6 to 8, 2018, with three teams competing: Australia, China, and Finland.
In Tournament A the contestants were divided into two groups based on their ranking.
The top two teams from Group A advanced directly into semi-finals while the remaining two teams together with the best two teams from Group B advanced to quarter-finals.
Remaining two teams from Group B were relegated to B-Pool for the following championships.
Tournament B was played in a round-robin where every team played a match with every other team.
The top two teams then advanced to A-Pool for championships in 2021 while the last team was relegated to 2020 C-Pool.
Source: IPC</small>
List shows the top skaters sorted by points, then goals, then by least number of games played.
Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes, are included in this list.
All the matches were played in Berlin P09 Eissporthalle.
Bai Xue Song, Che Hang, Cui Yu Tao, Guo Xi Zhu, Hu Guang Jian, Ji Yan Zhao, Li Zhen Yang, Qiu Dian Peng, Shen Yi Feng, Song Xiao Dong, Tian Jin Tao, Wang Ju Jiang, Wang Wei, Wang Zhi Dong, Xu Jin Qiang, Zhang Zheng, Zhu Zhan Fu
Finn Bentzen, Klaus Brzoska, Bas Disveld, Bernhard Hering, Christian Jaster, Nils Krueger, Ingo Kuhli-Lauenstein, Simon Kunst, Veit Mühlhans, Robert Pabst, Christian Pilz, Hugo Raedler, Felix Schrader, Lucas Sklorz, Joerg Wedde, Jacob Wolff
Anthony Booth, Tyler Christopher, Matt Clarkson, Mark Colquitt, Bryan Hackworth, Dean Lahan, Jonathon Le Galloudec, Karl Nicholson, Martin Quinn, Scott Trigg-Turner, Matt Woollias
Łukasz Ciuła, Radosław Drapała, Sylwester Flis, Marcin Hebda, Sebastian Kartosz, Andrzej Młynarczyk, Mateusz Murawski, Krzysztof Sekulski, Mariusz Zieliński
Aleksei Eremin, Dmitrii Galkin, Vladimir Kamantsev, Airat Khamzin, Maksim Kuzminykh, Ivan Kuznetsov, Dmitrii Lisov, Igor Maletskiy, Mikhail Miachin, Evgenii Petrov, Evgenii Plotnikov, Roman Severin, Konstantin Shikhov, Andrey Sokolov, Nikolai Terentev, Vasilii Varlakov, Ilia Volkov
Slavomir Ferenčík, Erik Fojtík, Martin Joppa, Miroslav Kardoš, Peter Kaščák, Dávid Korman, Eduard Lepáček, Marián Ligda, Miroslav Pastucha, Miroslav Stašák, Peter Štít, Róbert Turic, Miloš Večerek
All the matches were held in Vierumäki Sport Institute.
Treatise on War
A treatise on war or military treatise is any work that deals with the "art of war" in some basic aspect.
Fundamentally military treatises are treatises on military strategy.
Other works may also be included in the definition that, although they deal with other topics, include sensitive information about military matters.
For example: description of specific battles, sieges, general campaigns, reports of military authorities, commented works about ground or naval battles, etc...
The term tractate derives from the Latin word "tractatus", but, in some languages "tractatus" generates two identical words with different meanings (which have been adopted even by non-Romance languages).
That is, in those languages, "tractatus" generates two homonyms; one with a , and another with a completely different ; this doesn't happen in the English language, that has different words for it.
Considering the various aspects of the war, the armies and the military operations, a chronology of military treatises allows to locate each work within a timeline , facilitating its consultation and comparison with similar works.
This chronology includes actual military treatises together with some works related to the subject (military expeditions or campaigns, descriptions of sieges and others).
Whenever possible, references will include the possibility of consulting the original work or a complete translation.
Outline of a Roman camp.
Petersham Park
Petersham Park is an urban park in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Located in Sydney's Inner West, the park is characterised by well established avenues of Brush Box and Camphor Laurel trees.
Facilities in Petersham Park include a cricket oval, rotunda, children's playground and public swimming pool in the Fanny Durack Aquatic Centre.
The oval is used for cricket in the summer months and baseball over winter.
On Mondays, an Inner West Council initiative called the Magic Yellow Bus visits the park to offer free activities for kids 6 and under.
Previously a part of William Charles Wentworth's estate, Petersham Park was officially opened on 28 September 1887.
Petersham Cricket Club has played at the park since the 1880s.
Originally part of the Petersham Town Hall, the ANZAC Memorial gates at the Brighton Street entrance to the park were re-erected in their current location in 1921.
On 27 November 1926, Cricket legend Donald Bradman scored his first century in grade cricket at Petersham Park as an 18 year old playing for St George against Petersham.
The D. Seddon Pavilion on the west side of the oval commemorates Dudley Seddon, and the T.J.E.
Andrews scoreboard is named after local player Tommy Andrews.
Petersham Park Swimming Pool opened to the public in September 1962 and named after Fanny Durack in 1999.
Between 2012-2014 the pool was closed for a refurbishment which included replacement of the six lane, 33 metre pool with an eight lane, 25 metre pool.
In February 2015, local residents and community action group Save Petersham Park organised a picnic and hundreds of signed complaints to protest an UrbanGrowth proposal to remove approximately 80 houses and build WestConnex exit roads into the park area.
IMCAMA Building
The IMCAMA Building (), also known informally as the Sony Building () is an Art Deco building in Casablanca, Morocco.
It is located at Place Saint-Exupéry, at the junction of Lorraine Boulevard and Agadir Street.
It was designed by Albert Greslin in 1928.
It faces the Arab League Park.
"IMCAMA" stands for "Société Immobilière de Casablanca et Maroc".
Kul-chur inscription
Kul-chur inscription or Küli Čor inscription was an inscription erected in honor of a military leader called Kul Chur of the Xueyantuo.
It was erected between 723 and 725.
It is located in Ih-hoshoot district of Delgerhaan sum in Töv Province, in 200 km southwest from Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.
Since the first line of the Küli Çor inscription is incomplete, the "apa tarqan čıqan Tonyukuk atıγ bermiš" section follows the part that starts with the "üčün" preposition.
It is translated as "Apa Tarqan gave the name Čıqan Tonyukuk".
Thus, it is possible to argue that the name of Küli Çor before he received his hero name (er at) was Tonyukuk.
Because, on the second line of the western face of the inscription, the missing beginning of the line could be read as "quda jegtürmiš Išbara Čїqan Küli Čur bolmïš" which translated into "(when … happened) (since) he was created (better), he took that title of Išvara Čıqan Küli Čor".
It is understood that the hero name of the protagonist of the inscription hero was Küli Çor.
Gerard Clauson states that the first three lines of the inscription provides information on the identity of Küli Çor.
The author considered that the personal name of Küli Çor was Tonyukuk, however this person was not in fact the known Tonyukuk, since his known title was Boyla Baγa Tarqan and especially based on the name Qapaghan Qaghan to be mentioned in the third line, it was not possible for Küli Çor to die after 716.
It was not possible to obtain the title of "Köl", witnessed as Kül Tigin in Turks, and "otčigin" by Mongolians, which was given to the smallest male child of the house.
It is worth noting that the name or title unity in the first line of the Küli Çor inscription should be considered with the name Tonyukuk mentioned both in Tonyukuk and Küli Çor inscriptions, although both are not related to the famous Tonyukuk.
It is not written with ñ but using the signs that correspond to n and y.
Based on the mentioned views, it is possible to argue that the title unity "Toñuquq Boyla Baγa Tarqan" observed in Bain Tsokto inscriptions referred to Tonyukuk, and the Chykan Tonyukuk mentioned in Küli Çor inscription was not related to Tonyukuk, and it was the childhood name of Küli Çor before he received his hero name.
Reynhard Sinaga
Reynhard Tambos Maruli Tua Sinaga (born 19 February 1983) is an Indonesian serial rapist who was convicted of 159 sex offences, including 136 rapes of young men committed in Manchester, England, between 2015 and 2017, where he was living as a mature student.
He was found guilty of drugging and sexually assaulting 48 men during this period, 44 of whom he raped, although the police believe he was offending for years beforehand.
Sinaga was prosecuted in four trials between 2018 and 2020 and was given 88 concurrent life sentences with a minimum term of 30 years.
The prosecution described Sinaga as the most prolific rapist in British legal history.
Sinaga is believed by police to have raped or assaulted at least 195 men in Manchester, having waited for them outside at nightclubs, pubs, and similar venues in the early hours.
He then offered them a stay at his flat, subsequently drugging and raping his victims.
After some of the assaults, he boasted about his actions on WhatsApp.
Sinaga was born in 1983 in Jambi, Sumatra, Indonesia, to a Catholic family.
After completing a degree in Architecture at the Faculty of Engineering of the University of Indonesia in Depok in 2006, he moved to the UK on a student visa and began to study in August 2007 at Manchester University, where he completed a MSc degree in Planning in 2009 and an MA in Sociology in 2011.
While in England Sinaga attended St Chrysostom's Church, a liberal congregation of the Church of England, and the church provided Sinaga with a character reference for his trial.
The presiding judge, Suzanne Gooddard, remarked during the sentencing of the second trial that "It is almost beyond belief that someone who could profess some Christian faith could at the same time have been committing such wicked and evil crimes."
The St Chrysostom's Church later distanced itself from Sinaga after his conviction.
Remaining in Manchester, he began to study for a Leeds University PhD in August 2012 on human geography, which he did not complete.
His thesis, entitled "Sexuality and everyday transnationalism among South Asian gay and bisexual men in Manchester", was submitted in August 2016, and was assessed as a "fail", but he was permitted to amend and resubmit it, and was working on his thesis at the time of his arrest.
He was financially supported by his father, a banker who moved into the palm oil sector.
Sinaga's mother came to the first pre-trial hearing, but was not present for any of the four trials.
While in Manchester, Sinaga lived openly as a gay man, living not far from Manchester's gay village, and reportedly had many boyfriends.
Sinaga lived in a flat in central Manchester which acted as a base for his assaults.
He would wait for men leaving nightclubs and bars before leading them to his flat, often offering them somewhere to have a drink or call a taxi.
Giving them a drugged drink, believed to have been spiked with GHB, Sinaga would then assault the victims while they were unconscious and video the attack with a mobile phone.
He rarely used condoms when penetrating his victims; despite this, he was found negative for sexually transmitted infections upon his arrest.
At the time his sentence was announced in January 2020, almost all of Sinaga's victims were known to have been heterosexual young men, with three exceptions.
He saw "turning" heterosexual men as a sport.
Of one victim in January 2015, who had argued with his girlfriend in the Factory nightclub near Sinaga's home, he told a WhatsApp group: "SuperRey saves straight boys from their monstrous girlfriend."
In June 2017, his last victim, an 18-year old, regained consciousness during the rape, fought off his attacker, and reported the incident to the police.
Sinaga was badly beaten and was taken to hospital, while police initially arrested his victim on suspicion of grievous bodily harm.
Subsequent examination of Sinaga's two iPhones by the police led to the discovery of 3.29TB of digital video evidence of the assaults and rapes.
Many of his victims were traceable because Sinaga kept phones, watches, cards, etc.
as trophies of his conquest, and he had used social media to reach his unknowing victims online.
Although the earliest case to be tried in courts stems from 2015, police believe Sinaga began the attacks in 2005, two years before he arrived in the UK.
Sinaga's earliest established offence occurred on New Year's Day 2015.
The man, a heterosexual like the majority of Sinaga's victims, could remember nothing when he awoke the next day in his abuser's flat covered in vomit.
Because of the false concern from Sinaga, like others, he expressed concern for imposing on his host before leaving; he had been raped twice.
Sinaga pleaded 'not guilty' to all charges made against him with the result that his victims had to endure relating evidence in court and the videos being shown to the jurors and others present at the trials.
In his own defence, he claimed to have been playing sex games with the other man playing dead in order to fulfil his fantasies.
He claimed that the encounters were consensual, a claim found to be false as victims were heard snoring in the videos.
The four trials took place between 1 June and 10 July 2018 covering 13 victims, 1 April to 7 May 2019 with 12 victims, 16 September to 4 October 2019 covering 10 victims, and December 2019 with 13 victims, a total of 48 named victims out of at least 195 Sinaga is believed to have raped while they were unconscious.
Police have been unable to trace 70 of his victims.
Sinaga was convicted of 136 counts of rape, 14 counts of sexual assault, eight counts of attempted rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Reporting restrictions were in place until the conclusion of his last trial, after which his crimes were made public for the first time.
Detectives subsequently set up a hotline with the expectation that dozens of new victims could come forward.
Sinaga is imprisoned at HM Prison Manchester and has refused to cooperate with investigators.
Sinaga's father, Saibun Sinaga, in an interview with BBC Indonesia, expressed his opinion a day after the sentencing, where he was quoted as saying that his son "got what he deserved" and that "we accept the verdict.
His punishment fits his crimes.
I don't want to discuss the case any further."
Sinaga's mother, Normawati Silaen, told "The Sunday Times" that she "wondered if [Sinaga's final victim] had made up the story".
She stated that she was not aware that he was gay: "We are a good Christian family who do not believe in homosexuality.
He is my baby."
The charity Safeline reported a record increase in calls to its hotline for male sexual abuse survivors in the aftermath of the case, with Safeline founder Duncan Craig stating that it had started a national conversation regarding men opening up about sexual abuse.
After Sinaga's conviction, the mayor of Depok in Indonesia, Mohammad Idris, announced that he planned to order raids on the local LGBT community.
The announcement was swiftly condemned by human rights activists saying that conservatives in Indonesia were using Sinaga as an excuse to target the gay community in the country.
On 16 January, after Sinaga's case was referred by the Crown Prosecution Service to the Attorney General, it was referred by him to the Court of Appeal for being too lenient.
Geoffrey Cox, was reported as saying a "whole life order" should be considered for Sinaga, meaning his crimes were so serious he would never be released from prison.
Love Island (2015 TV series, series 6)
The sixth series of "Love Island" began broadcasting on 12 January 2020 on ITV2.
The series was announced on 24 July 2019 when it was confirmed that two series would air in 2020, and is also the first winter edition of the series.
This series is also the first to be hosted by Laura Whitmore, having taken over from Caroline Flack.
The series is narrated by Iain Stirling.
The first 10-second trailer for the series aired on 2 December 2019 featuring the tagline "Do one, winter".
It was then followed by a full-length trailer released on 6 December 2019 which featured Caroline Flack.
On 17 December 2019, Flack announced that she would be standing down as host following allegations of assault towards her boyfriend.
On 20 December, it was announced that fellow TV presenter Laura Whitmore would be her replacement.
She also took the role of presenting "Love Island: Aftersun", which for the first time aired every Monday after the main show rather than its usual Sunday slot.
For the first winter edition of the show, the Islanders will stay at the Midden Cottage, located in the "ultra-wealthy" Constantia suburb of Cape Town.
The Islanders for the sixth series were released on 6 January 2020, just six days before the launch.
These include Eve and Jess Gale, who are the second set of twins to compete in the show following John and Tony Alberti in 2015.
The couples were chosen shortly after the islanders enter the villa.
The main events in the "Love Island" villa are summarised in the table below.
Official ratings are taken from BARB and include ITV2 +1.
Catch-up service totals are added to the official ratings.
Because the Saturday episodes are weekly catch-up episodes rather than nightly highlights, these are not included in the overall averages.
Viewers called for contestant Ollie Williams to be axed after pictures were obtained by "The Sun" showing him posing next to animal corpses from endangered species in South Africa.
A representative of Williams claimed he is a "conservationist and worked with an anti-poaching unit in Mozambique" involved in the culling of sick animals.
However, according to "Metro" Williams is the director of a hunting business known as Cornish Sporting Agency.
In since-deleted images on his social media, Williams is seen posing with dead animals alongside his clients.
It led to a Change.org petition to remove Williams from the series.
Regulator Ofcom received 272 complaints after the first airing, 231 of which regarding Williams inclusion on the show.
The producers stated they have no intention of removing Williams and "refuse to back down to the public" believing it will "blow over".
List of toys and children's media awards
This list of toys and children's media awards is an index to articles about notable awards related to toys and other products such as books and videos for children.
Flemming Patz
Jens Flemming Patz (born June 25, 1967) is a Swedish curler and curling coach.
He is a two-time Swedish mixed curling champion (1991, 2006).
Flemming Patz is from well a known Swedish family of curlers, which includes his brother Rickard Hallström (who is also a coach), his sister Susanne, and his son Johannes .
IREG Observatory on Academic Ranking and Excellence
IREG Observatory on Academic Ranking and Excellence (IREG Observatory) is an international Nonprofit organisation created in 2009 consisting of Universities, ranking organisations and third-party organisations associated with academics and university ranking.
The organisation's secretariat is based in Warsaw, Poland.
Also, the organisation is responsible for awarding organisations with the IREG Ranking Seal of Approval acknowledging the recipient's engagement and initiatives in relation to university ranking.
IREG Observatory was first founded in Warsaw, Poland in 2002 and was in 2009 transformed into the non-profit organisation, IREG Observatory on Academic Ranking and Excellence, it is today.
Its foundation was a result of a collaborative initiative between the UNESCO European Centre for Higher Education (UNESCO-CEPES) and a broad variety of ranking experts from different international ranking organisations.
The purpose of creating the International Ranking Expert Group (IREG) was to create a specialised community consisting of ranking analysts and experts to process a variety of issues and topics related to international university ranking.
In June 2015 it held a conference on Rankings by Subject which was considered significant.
IREG Ranking Seal of Approval
- The organisation is responsible for awarding organisations with the IREG Ranking Seal of Approval acknowledging the recipient's engagement and initiatives in relation to university ranking.
Berlin Principles on Ranking of Higher Education Institutions.
- The Berlin principles is list of 16 principles that has been accepted as being indicators of what defines 'good' ranking and what topics should be considered in relation to ranking.
IREG Inventory of National Rankings
- The list on national rankings is an initiative which has the purpose of gathering and displaying various rankings in order to generate easy access to ranking information.
IREG List of International Academic Awards
- This list has been composed to function as a comprehensive map of international academic awards and rank these compared to one another.
IREG Guidelines for Stakeholders of Academic Rankings
- These Guidelines have been established to improve quality, assure reliability of information, and give the users of International rankings functionality and trustworthiness in term of gathering information on the topic.
Furthermore, these Guidelines are supplemented by the findings of the other IREG initiatives in order to have a broad and comprehensive framework.
Rider without a Horse
Rider without a Horse is a Namibian short film directed by Tim Huebschle in 2008.
Namibia celebrates its 18th Independence anniversary.
The 100-year-old Rider Monument (Reiterdenkmal) comes to life.
The rider is confronted with what he stands for and decides to change that.
After the film's initial release in April 2009, director Tim Huebschle filmed some more documentary shots during the removal of the Reiterdenkmal in August 2009 which were subsequently edited into the end credits of the film.
The screenplay was written in 2008 amidst the political debate of what to do with the controversial German colonial Reiterdenkmal.
Rider without a Horse received a production grant from the now defunct Berlin-Windhoek arts organization "p.ART.ners".
Vallegarcía
Pago de Vallegarcía is a Spanish winery in Castilla–La Mancha, Spain.
The winery uses the Vino de Pago wine appellation, a classification for Spanish wine applied to individual vineyards or wine estates, unlike the Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) or Denominación de Origen Calificada (DOCa) which is applied to an entire wine region.
The Pago de Vallegarcía winery was formed as a Vino de Pago in 2019, and geographically it lies within the extent of the La Mancha DOP.
Your Heart Breaks
Your Heart Breaks is an indie rock band from Seattle, Washington led by artist and musician Clyde Petersen.
The group was formed in Bellingham, Washington in 1998.
Petersen is transgender and his songwriting, particularly on album "Drone Butch Blues" (2019), often explores queer themes.
The rest of the lineup of the group is fluid, however common collaborators include Karl Blau, Lori Goldston, Kimya Dawson, Kyle Field, Dylan Carlson and Adrienne Davies.
Your Heart Breaks was started by Petersen in Bellingham, Washington in 1998 whilst studying film production and stop motion animation at Western Washington University.
The band released multiple albums, either by self-releasing or through small independent labels, throughout the 2000s.
In July 2016, in honour of cartoonist, illustrator, and musician Geneviève Castrée who had recently passed, Petersen released "From Mount Eerie".
It had been recorded in 2008 whilst Petersen had been staying at Castrée and her husband Phil Elverum's house.
The music produced was so sad that Petersen had opted not to release it at the time of recording.
In October 2016 Petersen released "Torrey Pines", a film he had written, directed, and animated over the previous three years.
The soundtrack for which was recorded by Your Heart Breaks and several other collaborators - including Chris Walla.
On 19 April 2019 the band released album "Drone Butch Blues" on Sofaburn Records.
A concept album inspired by the writings of LGBTQI authors, it explores an array of stories surrounding the queer community in the 20th Century.
The lyrical themes include forbidden love, the impact of AIDS, and rebellion, as well as snippets of Petersen's own life.
Lorraine Chandler
Lorraine Chandler (born Ermastine Lewis, – January 2, 2020) was an American soul singer, songwriter and record producer.
She was born and raised in Detroit, Michigan, a neighbor of percussionist Eddie "Bongo" Brown and a family friend of Otis Williams of The Temptations.
She attended Northern High School but left college to pursue a career in the music industry.
She began writing songs with Jack Ashford, including "I'm Gone", recorded by Eddie Parker, and "I'll Never Forget You", recorded by The O'Jays.
She signed with Ashford's Pied Piper Productions as a songwriter and performer, and her first single "What Can I Do" was released in 1966, becoming a regional hit.
It was released nationally by RCA, as was the follow-up "I Can't Hold On", which she co-wrote, but neither reached the national charts.
She was one of the first black female songwriters and producers.
She continued to both record and write, many of her songs being released on the RCA and Kapp labels.
In 1968, she and Ashford established the short-lived Ashford label, releasing Eddie Parker's "Love You Baby", later popular on Britain's Northern soul scene.
When the company collapsed, she and Ashford continued to work together, writing Billy Sha-Rae's 1971 R&B chart hit "Do It".
Ashford also co-wrote Baby Washington's 1974 hit "I've Got to Break Away", which reached no.32 on the R&B chart.
After Ashford moved to Los Angeles in 1976, Chandler remained in Detroit.
In the mid-1980s, some of her unissued Pied Piper recordings were unearthed by British DJ and record label executive Ady Croasdell, who released several of them including a demo recording of a possible theme for the movie "You Only Live Twice".
Chandler continued to work with Eddie Parker, singing on as well as arranging and producing his 1989 album "The Old...
The New...
The Blues".
She also returned to performing occasionally, both in Detroit and at Northern soul festivals in Britain.
Many of her recordings were reissued on CD by Ace Records.
Lorraine Chandler died in Detroit on January 2, 2020.
2019-20 Dhaka Abahani season
The 2019-20 season is Dhaka Abahani's 48th competitive season.
They have not been relegated since the competition started in 2007.
This season is Persija's 11th consecutive seasons in top-flight since professional competition formed on 2007.
Their AFC Club Ranking is 85.
Dhaka Abahani Limited squad for 2019–20 season.
<onlyinclude>
Paula Woof
Paula Woof is a British artist, best known as a painter, sculptor, muralist, mosaicist and art teacher.
She has a number of works of public art, some in her on name and some made collaboratively with other artists, on display in the English Midlands.
From 1974–1977, Woof was part of the Birmingham-based live art group BAG, with Mark Renn and Ian Everard.
In 1978, she painted a series of three murals on the gable ends of terraced houses at the eastern end of Heathfield Road, Handsworth, Birmingham, in conjunction with Renn and Steve Field.
These murals lasted around 27 years before being overpainted by new murals.
In 1982, she painted an internal mural at Frankley Community School, together with Field and Renn.
The trio worked as "The Mural Company" and were profiled in a 1982 Central Television documentary, "Round About".
Woof, Renn, Field, David Patten and Derek Jones worked jointly as the West Midlands Public Art Collective, which was active circa 1987.
Together with Eric Klein Velderman she sculpted James Watt's Mad Machine to a design by Tim Tolkien.
Her works include the ornamental height restrictor at Kings Norton railway station, Birmingham, and several other commissions for public transport interchanges, for CENTRO (later Transport for West Midlands).
In 2008, one or more of her paintings were included in the exhibition "Art of Birmingham 1940-2008" at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery.
The following year, her depiction of the city's Bull Ring Market was included in "The Birmingham Seen" exhibition at the same venue.
Woof also works as an art teacher.
Sumit Rathi
Sumit Rathi (born 26th August 2001) is an Indian footballer who plays for Indian football club ATK and also for the India national under-20 football team.
He started his career at AIFF Elite Academy, later joining Indian Arrows who play in the I-League for the 2017–18 season.
ATK Reserves
He was signed by ATK Reserves team for 2018-19 season, where he turned out for 10 matches in the season.
For the 2019–20 season, Rathi was called up to the senior team by manager Antonio Lopez Habas.
He was declared 'Hero of the Match' in the match against Mumbai City in the 11th round of the season.
Vinicius Munhoz
Vinicius da Cunha Munhoz (born 11 December 1978), known as Vinicius Munhoz, is a Brazilian football manager, currently in charge of Red Bull Brasil.
Born in Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, Munhoz started his career in 1999 as a fitness coach of Internacional de Santa Maria's under-20 squad.
He later worked in the same role with the main squad before joining Grêmio in 2003, again as fitness coach.
In 2005, Munhoz was hired by the Brazilian Football Confederation to work as a fitness coach and assistant of Jorge Barcellos at the women's under-20 national team.
Between 2007 and 2008 he worked at Esportivo as a fitness coach before rejoining Barcelos' staff at the women's national team for the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2009, Munhoz followed Barcelos to Saint Louis Athletica in Women's Professional Soccer, being later a technical coordinator at Fragata Futebol Clube.
In 2013, after a stint back at Grêmio's under-20 squad as a fitness coach, he joined Audax's subsidiary teams: starting with Osasco FC's under-20s, he later managed Grêmio Osasco's under-20 and senior squads in 2014 before taking over Audax's first team in 2015.
Dismissed by Audax in late 2015, Munhoz was appointed in charge of Mirassol's under-20 squad for the 2016 campaign.
After reaching the round of 32 of the year's Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior, he returned to Audax, being in charge of the club during the year's Série D.
On 1 November 2016, Munhoz returned to his first club Inter-SM, now named first team manager.
He renewed his contract the following 1 July, but resigned on 15 June 2018 after accepting an offer from Ferroviária.
In December 2019, after Ferroviária's change of ownership, Munhoz was offered a board role, but opted to leave the club and joined Red Bull Brasil.
The following 2 January, after Antônio Carlos Zago left to Kashima Antlers, Munhoz was named interim manager of Red Bull Bragantino.
Apostolic Nunciature to Yemen
The Apostolic Nunciature to Yemen is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Yemen.
It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador.
The Apostolic Nuncio to Yemen is also the Apostolic Nuncio to Kuwait and resides in Kuwait City.
Before the Holy See and Yemen established diplomatic relations, the Holy See represented its interests in Yemen through delegations with regional responsibilities, first the Apostolic Delegation to the Red Sea Region established by Pope Paul VI on 3 July 1969 and then the Apostolic Delegation to the Arabian Peninsula established by Pope John Paul II on 26 March 1992.
The Holy See and Yemen established diplomatic relations on 13 October 1998.
2020 All Thailand Golf Tour
The 2020 All Thailand Golf Tour is the 22nd season of the All Thailand Golf Tour, the main professional golf tour in Thailand since it was established in 1999.
It is the second season in which world rankings points are given.
The table below shows the schedule for the early part of the season.
Makoto Yoshikawa
Makoto Yoshikawa (born 1962) is a Japanese scientist, most notable for being project manager and later mission manager of Hayabusa2, an asteroid sample-return mission operated by the Japanese space agency, JAXA, and in 2018 was recognized in Nature's 10, a list of "people who mattered" in science by the journal Nature.
His research specializes in celestial mechanics, particularly in orbital analysis of small Solar System bodies such as asteroids and comets.
After his doctorate, he worked as a researcher at the Japan Society for the Protection of Science and then from 1991 was senior researcher at the then Communications Research Laboratory of the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications.
He joined the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science in 1998, which since 2003 has been part of the JAXA.
As part of the orbital determination group at ISAS, he was involved with the Hayabusa and Akatsuki missions.
William G. Irwin
William G. Irwin (1843 – January 28, 1914) was a capitalist and successful sugar planter in the Kingdom of Hawai'i.
He was born in England, and emigrated to Hawaii with his family while still a child.
He would remain a British citizen throughout his life.
Educated at Punahou School, he was in the right place at the right time to make a lot of money in the sugar plantation market.
After the passage of the Reciprocity Treaty of 1875, Irwin formed the William G. Irwin & Co partnership.
California entrepreneur Claus Spreckels offered him a separate partnership in 1881, a union that would come to include the Spreckels interests in sugar plantations, and have subsidiaries in banking activities and ship building.
Two decades later, after amassing a fortune in his association with Spreckels, Irwin moved away from the plantation activities and relocated to San Francisco, where he continued his affiliations with financial institutions.
At his death, Irwin's estate was estimated to be in excess of $10,000,000 ().
His only child Helene married the first time into the wealthy Crocker family of California, and through her second marriage to Paul I. Fagan, became an owner of the San Francisco Seals baseball team.
He was a native of England, born in 1843 to Alice and James Irwin, a veteran of the British army.
The family's original destination was California at the onset of the California Gold Rush, eventually making their way to Hawaii.
He was enrolled at Punahou School 1856-57, at that time known as Oahu College.
The school was established for children of missionaries, but later included children of Hawaii's royalty, and one future United States President, Barack Obama.
After working for other businessmen for several years, and shortly after the passage of the Reciprocity Treaty of 1875, Irwin partnered with John Smith Walker and Zephaniah Swift Spalding to form William G. Irwin & Co. That partnership was terminated in 1880.
Irwin was president of the Paauhau and the Kilauea Sugar companies, held stock in other sugar companies, and was one of the March 1882 founders of the Planters Labor and Supply Company.
Irwin served on both Kalākaua's Privy Council of State and Liliʻuokalani's Privy Council of State.
He represented Hawaii at the 1900 Exposition Universelle (world's fair) in Paris, and was subsequently awarded the Chevalier of the Legion of Honor by the nation of France.
The 1881 Honolulu Music Hall was built by Irwin for an estimated $40,000.
Kalākaua had a royal box in the venue, and a private entrance.
Following a bankruptcy in 1883, it eventually re-opened, only to be destroyed by fire in 1895.
Irwin, along with John and Adolph Spreckels, rebuilt the venue, reopening a year later.
He partnered with California entrepreneur Claus Spreckels in 1881 to form W. G. Irwin & Co. to handle the Spreckels family interests in Hawaii.
Spreckels had also considered was George W. Macfarlane, to King Kalākaua, as a potential associate, but ultimately opted for Irwin.
Variations of Irwin's name would be used for other partnership companies with Spreckels.
The Oceanic Steamship Company, and J. D. Spreckels and Brothers (sons of Claus), were wholly owned subsidiaries of the Wm.
G. Irwin and Co. Ltd. holding company.
Among numerous ships built by them was the "William G. Irwin" barkentine in 1881.
Spreckels & Company was a holding company also known as the Spreckels Bank.
Incorporated by Irwin, former California governor Frederick Low and Spreckels, on January 1, 1884, it's purpose was to circulate the Kalākaua coinage in Hawaii, and to float loans to the monarchy and government officials.
Dissolved by November 1, the partners then funneled their banking activities through .
The only other bank in Hawaii was Bishop & Company, and proliferation of sugar money necessitated that other banks be allowed incorporation.
Towards that end, the legislature passed what became known as the Banking Act of 1884, signed into law by Kalākaua on August 11.
Spreckels was a practical royalist, who believed the monarchy's labor importation policies benefited the sugar industry.
After the overthrow of the Hawaiian Kingdom, Spreckels found himself at odds over the issue with other planters, and supported Liliʻuokalani's return to the throne.
If Hawaii were annexed, the 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act would likely apply to the islands and cut deeply into the plantation labor supply.
He eventually abandoned his Hawaii involvement, and left the Hawaii business for Irwin and his sons John D., Claus August and Adolph to manage.
Spreckels took his case to Washington D. C. and lobbied through two administrations against annexation.
With Spreckels no longer a hands-on partner, his Hawaiian businesses fell to internal issues among his sons.
Spreckels died in 1908 and Irwin had the Spreckels bank reincorporated as the Bank of Honolulu, Limited.
William G. Irwin & Co. merged with C. Brewer & Co. in 1909..
Irwin had met and married his wife Fannie (or Fanny) Ivers Holliday in San Francisco in 1836.
By 1904, he was becoming less active with his Hawaiian sugar interests, and built a home in San Francisco with a scenic view of the Golden Gate Bridge.
Claus Spreckels lived in the city and had a sugar refinery in the area.
Irwin had become affiliated with San Francisco financial institutions since he joined Mercantile Trust Company in 1899.
That was followed by his association with Savings Union Bank and Trust Company in 1909, and with the Mercantile National Bank in 1910.
Irwin died in San Francisco on January 28, 1914, having retained his British citizenship throughout his life.
His estate had an estimated worth in excess of $10,000,000 (), the bulk of which went to his widow.
Other cash bequests were made to family members and household servants.
Two charities in San Francisco each received $25,000.
